You know what I do is write for kids , and in fact , I 'm probably the author for children , the more read in the United States .
And I always tell people I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can wear a farmer , or with leather clothes , and no one has chosen a farmer .
I 'm here today to talk about circles and epiphanies .
And you know that a epiphany is usually something that fell somewhere .
You just have to turn the apple to look at the block to see it as a epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the kind of complicated circle that I 'm going to talk about .
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school , <unk> , Ohio where I was the rare class of class .
He was beaten up to bleed every week in the boys ' bathroom , until a teacher saved me .
She saved my life by letting me go into the teacher 's bathroom .
I was doing it in secret .
For three years .
And I had to go from the city .
I had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to start working on organizations fighting AIDS .
About three or four years ago , I got a phone call from that master 's phone call , the lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm disillusioned by adults never to know us .
You could <unk> Ohio , and please bring that man who you 've already found .
And I have to tell you that I 've got pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to get you into this please . ''
Well , the next day we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we were laughing , we cried , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , the <unk> , and the <unk> and take care of her family , because it was necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And as well as the woman who wanted to know me as an adult came to me , he became a <unk> box and he was put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle had been closed , it had become a circle -- and that epiphany of the one that I talked about was made by itself .
The epiphany is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save her .
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life .
It needs truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy that I was talking about this today .
It also needs -- it needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's our work to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important for me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected .
I went for the first time to Antarctica almost 10 years ago , and I saw my first <unk> .
I was astonished .
My heart can quickly be able to figure out what was in front of me .
And you would wander the <unk> of the water almost 60 meters , and I could n't more than thinking that it was a snowflake on another <unk> snow year after year .
You are born when we fall from the glaciers , or they break off the ice walls .
Each iceberg has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some of them refuse to give up and hold on to the end , while others ca n't stand it , and they become a dramatic passion of passion .
It 's easy to think , when you see a iceberg , which are isolated apart and alone , as we see ourselves sometimes as humans .
But the reality is the opposite .
As a iceberg melts , I 'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere .
As you melts a eardrum , it frees water fresh water in minerals that feed many forms of life .
I close to photographing these icebergs as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these unique moments exist in that way , and will not exist in that way again .
It 's not the death when they melt ; it 's not an end , but it 's a continuation of its way through the cycle of life .
Part of the ice of the <unk> I 'm photographing is a few thousand years old .
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years .
The last pictures I 'd like to show you is from a iceberg I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's very often very often going to see a rolling iceberg .
Here they have .
You can see the left one little boat .
It 's about five meters .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your line of <unk> .
You can see here , he starts rolling , the boat has moved to the other side and the man is standing there .
This is a Greenland iceberg .
<unk> of the water about 120 feet or 40 meters .
This video is in real time .
And so just like , the iceberg shows a different side of his personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same time , every single baby .
So , two couples each with a baby .
I do n't want them to stop too much in the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about conception itself , you 're not going to pay attention .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage , I want you to imagine that in a case , the Y chromosome comes together to the X chromosome of the egg .
And in the other case , the X X chromosome binds to the X chromosome of the egg .
They both turn on and it 's going to start life .
We 'll come back to them later .
In my activity , you 'll get two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the history of anatomy .
I 'm an historian for training and what I study in this case is the way people started the anatomy -- this is the way people started to say , from human bodies and <unk> , how they 've considered the body fluids , the idea of the body -- what have thought about the body .
The other role that performance works in my work is an activist , as a patient advocate , or , as I say sometimes , impatient to people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms .
I 've been working on , for example , with <unk> twins , two people inside of a body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> ; people much lower than the average .
And I 've worked with many cases of individuals with atypical sex , individuals whose physics had not fit into male male schemes and conventional female schemes .
In general lines , we can call it <unk> .
<unk> takes a lot of shapes .
I 'm going to give you some examples of ways of having a sex that would not occur in the ordinary male or female forms .
For example , there 's the case of the <unk> <unk> whose <unk> gene from the chromosome and says to the <unk> , that we all have in the fetal life , which are becoming testes .
And then , in the fetal life , testes make testosterone .
But because this individual lacks testosterone receptors , the body is not reacting to the same .
It 's <unk> syndrome .
So , there are high levels of testosterone but no reaction .
As a result , the body develops in a typical course of women .
When the baby is born , the baby looks like a little girl .
It 's a girl . It 's raised as a girl .
And often , it 's not until puberty , when it 's growing and developing the breasts , but it does n't have the menstrual cycle , when someone realizes something 's going on .
After making tests realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , it actually has testicles and a chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you can think it 's a man , but it 's actually not that .
Women , like men , in the body , is something called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the <unk> hormone .
Most of the women like me -- I consider a typical woman ; he does n't know his <unk> structure ; I think being a typical woman of most women as I are sensitive to <unk> .
We 're producing <unk> , and we respond to <unk> .
As a consequence , someone like me has the most exposed brain to the <unk> that the woman who was born with testicles that has <unk> <unk> syndrome .
So sex is something complicated . It 's not that <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere .
Another example : a few years ago , I got a call from a 19-year-old who was born and raised as a male , he had girlfriend , and sex with her , he was wearing a life as a boy and he had just found that he had ovaries and uterus .
I had an extreme way of a disease known as <unk> <unk> <unk> .
It was the 20th chromosomes , and the <unk> glands were so active that , essentially , we were creating a male hormone environment .
As a consequence , his genitals were <unk> , their brain was exposed to the hormone of typically male .
He was born with a little boy ; no one offered anything .
And it was at 19 when he started having medical problems caused by menstruation internal menstruation , when doctors discovered that , in fact , it was a woman inside .
Well , another example of a <unk> case .
Some of the people who have the 20th chromosomes develop what 's known as <unk> , which is to say , they have <unk> tissue wrapped up in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know what that happens .
So , there are many varieties of sex .
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies -- whether you 're going to be dwarfed , fraternal twins , or <unk> <unk> surgery is not so much to have better physical health .
People are perfectly healthy .
The reason they are tested for various surgeries is that they are a threat to our social categories .
The system is usually based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity ; supposedly , to be black means to have African anatomy in historical terms .
A terribly simplistic idea .
And when you show up a body that shows something quite different , we have problems with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture to individualism .
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individualism .
Imagine how amazing it is to have children that are born like two people inside of a body .
The most precious case is last year with runner <unk> <unk> <unk> , and he got in the fabric of judgment on the <unk> Games in Berlin .
A lot of journalists called it to wonder , `` What do the test are you going to do to determine whether <unk> <unk> is a man or woman ? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is not such a test .
In fact , we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't trace a line between men and women or between men and <unk> and women and <unk> -- we 're the ones who map that line .
So , what we have is a situation where the more we go through science , the more we have to admit that these categories were stable anatomical categories that were attributed directly to <unk> categories -- they 're much more <unk> than we thought .
And not just in terms of sex .
Also in terms of race , something that happens much more complicated than the terminology allows .
As we see , we go into a rough terrain .
So let 's look at , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What about the fact of the <unk> of them in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved in science , we get more and more in an uncomfortable zone that we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that are probably very simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States today , are the struggles in the beginning and the end of life .
It 's hard to set up a moment from which a body gets human and has different rights to the <unk> .
There are very <unk> arguments today , but not in public , but I know within it , when someone is considered dead .
Our ancestors have never had to deal with this question of whether someone was dead .
As long as they put a pen in front of your nose , and if he moved still , you wo n't get it .
If I stopped moving the <unk> .
But today we can , for example , extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body .
And , as a consequence , we have to deal with the dilemma of actually somebody 's death , and this is putting us in a difficult situation where we do n't have the simple categories of the past .
And maybe you think that this explosion of categories could be celebrating someone like me .
In politics , I 'm progressive , I stand for people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that it gets nervous me .
You know , these categories are much more fragile than we thought so far .
We 've got from the point of view of the concept of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension , I have to admit that I 'm a fervent fan of fathers .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so courageous and audacious and so radical in what they did , that I find that kind of looking at that musical `` 1776 '' and not for music , which is totally <unk> .
It 's why it happened in 1776 with the Founding fathers .
Parents were , for me , the earliest activists of the anatomy and explain why .
What they 'd been rejected was a concept of an anatomic concept , and it was <unk> with another one that was radical and beautiful , and he stayed for 200 years .
And , as everyone remembers , what 's been rejected from our Founding fathers was the idea of the monarchy ; the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
The monarchs of the old world did n't know the DNA , but they had clear the idea of birth to birth .
They had the concept of blue .
They were from the idea that it was coming into political power by the <unk> of the father and then to the child , etc .
Parents took up that idea and replace it by a new anatomic concept , and that concept was that all men are created equal .
They put on the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the anatomic differences . That was very radical .
And in part of it , they were doing it because they 're part of a <unk> system where they were happening two things .
The democracy was happening , and at the same time it was born science .
And it 's very clear , if you look at the story of fathers ' history , that many of them were very interested in science and in the idea of a naturalist world .
They were <unk> of the supernatural explanations , and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power from a vague idea of birth of birth .
They were moving towards a <unk> concept .
And if we look at , for example , the Declaration of Independence , talk about nature and God 's God .
They do n't talk about God and God 's nature .
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And as a result , they were broadcasting the idea of anatomical coincidence .
And by doing so , they were laid out the foundations of the Civil Rights movement .
They did n't think that way , but they did it for us and it was great .
And what happened next ?
And the women succeeded .
Then came the Civil Rights movement with people from <unk> <unk> , who said , `` Am I not a woman ? ''
We found men in the Civil Rights movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
Again , people of color that <unk> the anatomical coincidence about anatomical difference and , again , succeeded .
We see the same with the <unk> movement .
The problem is , of course , that as we look at the coincidences , we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights that a human .
I do n't want to say that we should be influenced by the anatomy .
I do n't want to say that the five-year-old children should be allowed to have sex or marry .
There are some anatomic divisions that for me make sense , and that I think we should keep it .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why to keep them up and make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two beings , at the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , both <unk> in 1979 exactly the same day .
Let 's imagine that one of them , Mary , was born three months before -- June 1 , 1980 .
Henry , in the contrary , was born on the term : March one in March 1 .
For the only fact that I had been born three months before Mary is attributed to all three months before Henry -- the right to the right to the sexual consent , the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age , but because it was born later .
We found other oddities in terms of their rights .
Henry , Henry , in virtue of being considered a man -- if I have n't told you whether it 's <unk> , in virtue of being considered a man now , he 's <unk> from the mandatory drivers of the Mary that Mary does n't have to worry about .
Mary , for her part , does n't have the same rights to marriage Henry in all states , for example .
Henry can marry all states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman in some states .
So there are still any anatomic categories that are in many ways in some aspects and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science advanced both advanced in the field of the anatomy we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to give up science , but at the same time , sometimes I feel like science gets us away .
Where do we go ?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a pragmatic attitude : `` Well , we have to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people are caught up in a rare position .
For example : Texas at a certain time has decided to get married with a man , you have no chromosome , and to marry a woman , you have to have chromosome .
Now , in practice , they do n't do exams exams .
But this is also very strange that the story I told you about at the beginning of the <unk> syndrome .
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his `` Man Man , I 'm gon na Dream '' offers a solution .
It says that we should judge people , `` based not in the color of their skin , but in the content of their character , '' beyond anatomy .
And I mean , `` Yes , the idea is very good . ''
But in practice , how do you do it ?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character ?
I want to point out also that I 'm not sure we should be involved in this to help people , because I have to admit that I know from some <unk> <unk> that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some <unk> I know I know you can make more informed informed , smart , <unk> decisions about their sex relationships that people of 40 .
So how do you put the subject of character content ?
It 's really hard .
And one part of me is asked what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument , maybe with an MRI .
Do we really want to get that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still driving this mainstream thinking of thinking about democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy , and I think we 're going to make a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like the Iranian who feels attracted to other men is susceptible to be killed , unless you 're willing to have a sex change , in which case it allows you to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm glad to say that we do n't have a context as a surgeon who talked about a couple of years ago that I had done to give birth twins to then separate twins and then grow their fame .
But when the phone asked him the name of the operation , he was a very <unk> operation , told me that in that other country , these kids would be very abused , and therefore I had to do it .
And I said , `` Well , it 's considered political asylum instead of a surgical separation ? ''
The United States offers huge possibilities for people to be who they are without intending to change the sake of the state .
So I think we have to be in the head .
Well , to finish , I mean I 've been talking a lot about the Founding ones .
And I want to think of what democracy would be like , or as it might have been , if we had given more participation to the Mothers .
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist , and that is that I think there may be different ideas from different anatomic different , in particular if there are people thinking about groups .
For years , since I 've been interested in <unk> , I 've also been interested in researching the sexual difference .
And one of the things that has been interested in is differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world .
And what we know about <unk> studies is that women , on average , not all , but in <unk> tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to deal with those who are <unk> within the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
And years ago , when I was in grad school , one of my advisers I knew I was interested in the thought of feminism , I considered feminist , as <unk> made me a strange question .
`` Tell me what 's about female . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the stupidest question I 've heard .
Feminism has to do with unpicking the gender stereotypes , so there 's nothing female in feminism . ''
But the more I 've thought about his question , the more there 's seemed to me that there was something female in feminism .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more susceptible to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So while the fathers were very attentive to find the way to protect people from the state , it 's possible that , to have gotten more moms to this concept , maybe we had enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support .
And maybe that 's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy : to think less in the individual body , in terms of identity , and thinking more about relationships .
So as we try to create a more perfect union , let 's think of what we do with each other .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I decided we had to reconsider how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when each family thinks where every family wants to go live and work , have the ability to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing for attracting new residents .
Well , right now , we 're far from that goal .
There are billions of people in developing countries that do n't count with a single city willing to do it .
But the amazing thing about cities is that they 're worth a lot more than their building cost .
So we could easily go into the world tens , perhaps hundreds , of new cities .
Well , this may sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But they just run out of apartment buildings .
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments , they were already owners , and in the other half , we 'll still be able to do it .
You could try to increase the capacity by making expansion in all the existing buildings .
But you know the problem that <unk> is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the discomfort and the building distractions .
So it would be very hard to do all of those <unk> .
But they could go to an entirely new place , building an entirely new apartment building , always and when the norms of that place would be held by construction instead of putting it out .
So I proposed that governments were going to build new reform areas to contain cities and gave them a name : cities under charter .
Later I learned that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of reform Honduras .
They knew that every year about 75,000 <unk> were coming out of their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In 2009 , 2009 happened by a constitutional crisis .
In the next regular election , <unk> <unk> had been imposed on a platform in which <unk> reforms and the same reconciliation .
He asked her to be his head of cabinet .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement and trial and error and a lot of evidence with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of rules , like those rules that say you ca n't go and bother all the current residents of apartments .
It 's a lot of attention to new technologies , but it takes so much of technologies like rules to make progress , and usually they are the rules that keep us forward .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala sent him a link to the TEDTalk .
He showed it to <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's get this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we met in Miami , in a hotel conference room .
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And I used this picture that shows the value of land in a place like New York . Notice ; land that , in some cases , are worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , <unk> said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk . ''
And the talk was describing in very simple terms that a city in charter is a place where it starts with <unk> land , a charter that specifies the rules that are going on there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or not live under those norms .
So President of Honduras called me , and told me that we had to make this project , this is important , this could be the path for our country to advance .
He asked me to go back to me and talk about four and fifth of January .
So I presented another talk full of data , which included an image like this , which was trying to explain that to make it much value to a city , this has to be very large .
This is a picture in Denver and the white line is the new airport that built in Denver .
Only this airport covers over 100 square kilometers .
So I was trying to convince them that to build a new city , you have to start with a site that 's just about 1,000 square kilometers .
That 's more than 100,000 acres .
All the world <unk> politely .
The face of the audience were very serious and open .
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you for your talk , but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk .
I 've got this on my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained how essential it is , that a new city can offer new choices for people .
There would be an option of a city that might be in Honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away north .
And it also would include new options for leaders .
Because the government leaders of Honduras would need help of countries associated with , they could benefit from the countries that would help them establish and make the charter norms , so that everyone could trust that the charter is actually going to be able to get it .
We went and saw a site .
This picture is from there .
It could easily cover a thousand square kilometers .
And shortly after , the 19th of January , they voted in Congress to <unk> their Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that would enable these special regions of development .
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis , voting in Congress for this constitutional amendment was <unk> to one .
All the parties , all the factions in society , the really cool thing .
In the Constitution , you have to pass twice in Congress .
On February 17th , they passed on another voting , from 114 to one .
Immediately after the polling , 21 to 24th of February , a delegation of about 30 <unk> was to the two places in the world that are most interested in participating in building cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new center of the city that 's building in South Korea -- it 's bigger than the Boston center .
Everything that you see there was built in four years after they spent four years getting permits .
The other country in building in cities is Singapore .
In fact , we 've built two cities in China , and they 're preparing for a third .
And if you think about it , practical , this is the point where we are .
They have a place , and they 're thinking about a site for the second city .
They 're preparing a legal system that would allow managers to come , and then it would be able to operate under an external legal system .
A country has already committed to allowing the Supreme Court to be the ultimate court for this new judicial system .
There are <unk> and builders of cities that are very interested in the project .
You can even get some funding .
But the only thing we know that they 've been solved is that they have a good number of people .
There are many companies that wanted to be installed in the Americas , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there are a lot of people who would like to go live there .
In the world , there are 700 million people who say they 'd like to change immediately to another place .
There 's a million a year to come out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family back to get a job ; sometimes they 're single mothers who have to earn money to just eat or buy clothing .
Unfortunately , sometimes even children who are trying to meet their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So what do you think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or do we build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these around the world ?
What seems to them to think about insisting for families to be able to choose between various cities that are competing for attracting new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friend 's friends asked me to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and it 's that I live obsessed with costumes .
I love to find , wear , and more recently , photograph and publish my craft and bold and colorful and different for every time .
But I do n't buy anything new .
All my clothes is second hand of <unk> markets and secondhand shops .
Ah , thank you .
The secondhand stores will allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and in my wallet .
I go to know people who are <unk> , and usually my money goes to a good cause ; I mean , it 's unique ; and buy it becomes my personal search for treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
What about my size ?
Would you like color ?
Would it cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel I won .
Going back to my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what does anyone have that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought you .
I 've brought seven indoor underwear , and nothing else .
indoor underwear for exactly one week is everything I 've put in my <unk> .
I thought it would be able to find everything else that I 'd like to use after you get here to Palm Springs .
And since I do n't know me as the woman who walks by TED in underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the sets for this week .
Does n't it sound interesting ?
While I do that , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that , believe it or not , have learned in this adventure of not using new clothing .
Let 's start with Sunday .
I call this brilliant tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to look right .
You can almost always see you phenomenal for less than 50 dollars .
All the whole thing , including the jacket , and it took me 55 , and it 's the most expensive I 've used in the week .
Monday : color is energy .
It 's almost <unk> impossible to be wrong , when you 're wearing a bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other people happy .
Tuesday : <unk> is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time .
I just know yourself .
If you get away from the right people , you do n't just understand that , you 're going to get away .
<unk> : <unk> of the child that 's taken inside .
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to me that it looks like the <unk> , or I remember her little seven years .
I like to <unk> and say , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : trust is the key .
If you think you look good with something , it 's almost sure you 're .
And if you think you do n't look good with something , it 's probably true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until 30 years really understood their meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your inner and outside , you do n't look that you ca n't attract .
So there 's no excuse for anybody from this audience .
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth to six words for you : The golden <unk> go with everything .
And finally , Saturday : Developing a very personal style of telling the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it over and over again when people came up with this week just because of what I was using . And we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously this is not going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I went home , we go home to Brooklyn , I 'm going to give everything .
Because the lesson that I 'm trying to learn about this week is that you have to leave certain things .
I do n't need to make them emotionally on these things , because back in the corner , there will always be another <unk> suit , colorful , colorful , if there 's a little love in my heart and look for it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts .
The left side , which is the logic part , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So , if you had a scale to measure the strength of each hemisphere , we could design a blueprint of our brain .
For example , this would be someone who is completely logical .
This would be somebody who 's totally intuitive .
So where do you put your brain on this scale ?
Some <unk> by one of these extremes , but I think for most of the members of this audience , their brain is something like this -- with a great fitness in both hemispheres .
It 's not that they 're going to be mutually exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider myself one of those people , who just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists , we need a pretty logical thing to make these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need really intuition to make the experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We 're going to be playing with them , and then we see how they react , and then we develop our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
A intuition that you can have developed over the years is the one that says that one thing can be only in a place at once .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were n't born with this notion , developed .
I remember looking at a kid playing in a parking bar .
It was a little boy , and it did n't do it very well , it always fell .
But I bet you play with that parking bar , he taught her a valuable lesson , and it is that big things are not allowed to make them up , and they stay in a place .
This is a great conceptual model that you can have from the world , except you are a physicist particle .
It would be a terrible model for a physicist physicist , because they do n't play with parking spaces , they play with these strange particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover that they do all sorts of really strange things -- as they can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called it theory of quantum mechanics .
At that point , the physics was a few years ago ; you needed about quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But you did n't need to describe the big objects around us every day .
That did n't fit my intuition , and maybe it 's because I do n't play very often with particles .
Well , sometimes play with them , but not a lot .
And I 've never seen it .
I mean , no one saw a particle .
But they did n't fit it well to my logical part .
Because if everything is made of little particles , and all the little particles are following the principles of quantum mechanics , so should n't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't be .
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object is also following the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object that you can see has been in a <unk> of quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the little bit of metal I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And here I 'm going to zoom in a little bit . It 's right at the center .
And then here 's a pretty good approach to the little metal <unk> .
What we see is a little bit of metal , <unk> , and which stands for <unk> in a platform .
And then I did this almost the same way you would do a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip , and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole in a swimming form of swimming , which is under the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap , but for that it needs a little bit of help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how awkward it is to be in an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm in an elevator alone , I do all kinds of weird things , but then when other people go up , I 'll stop doing those things , because I do n't want them to piss , or , really , frightening .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
<unk> objects of inanimate objects are not just people , it 's also the light that shines the light and the wind that goes on its side and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to be <unk> according to quantum mechanics , we would have to land all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
We put the lights together , then we introduced a Roomba and pulled out all the air , and then we cool it into a temperature of less than one degree for absolute zero .
Now , just being in the elevator , the little piece of metal is free to act like it .
So we measured their movements .
We found that he moved in very strange ways .
Instead of sitting still , I was vibrating . And the way it <unk> was like a breath like this -- like a bellows that expands and contracts .
And by giving it a soft drive , we were able to make it <unk> , and it does n't happen at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is something really fantastic .
What does it mean that one thing is going to happen and do n't happen at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case , all the trillions of atoms that make that piece of metal are still still and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's just certain moments when those things line up .
In the rest of the time they 're <unk> .
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time , which means that all the metal piece is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Seriously .
It was worth <unk> in a clean room to do this for all those years , because , look at this , the difference on scale between one atom and that piece of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you .
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that piece of metal can be in two different places , why not you ?
I mean , it 's my logical part of speech .
So imagine if they were in various places at the same time , how would that be ?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was <unk> in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it , and we turned on the lights and look inside the box , and we saw that the metal was still there in one piece .
And I could get to this new intuition , apparently all the objects in the elevator actually are only quantum objects that are just <unk> into a small space .
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not so true .
It 's more than that , it 's deeper .
It is that those connections , your connections to all the things around you , literally define who you are , and that 's the deep weirdness of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And he was doing another job in Google , until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that he 's here and allowed me to do .
It took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I assure you , with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories from why we did it .
I think my own story is just explaining just in this slide and this is access .
I grew up in India .
<unk> of a great education -- not <unk> -- but I had no access to many of these museums and works of art .
So , when I started traveling and go to museums , I started learning a lot .
And working on Google , I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started to do it .
Well , better than showing you a couple of interesting things that we 've taken from their launch .
So , just : Let 's go to <unk> .
Look around all the museums there .
There 's the <unk> gallery , MoMA , <unk> , <unk> , Van Gogh .
I 'm actually going to go into one of my favorites , the <unk> , the New York art museum .
There are two ways to do it -- very simple .
We click , and we click , we 're inside the museum .
It does n't matter where they are , Bombay or <unk> , that actually does n't matter .
You 're moving around and you have fun .
Do you want to navigate the museum ?
We open up the plane up , and , with a click , we jumped into .
They 're inside , they want to go at the end of the hallway .
You 're going to go ahead . That 's going to be angry !
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't come to the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` The <unk> '' by Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the sign .
If the museum shows us the image , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's metadata information .
For those of you who are truly interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click right now .
And this is one of the images we 've captured in what we call <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , about 10,000 billion pixels .
And there are many people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10,000 billion pixels ? ''
So I 'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 million pixels .
You can zoom around around a very simple way .
You see fun things that are happening .
I love this guy , his expression has no price .
But if you really want to dive into it .
So I started playing , and I found myself with something that was happening there .
And I said , `` Wait a moment , this seems interesting . ''
And I came up and I discovered that the kids were actually playing something .
I did a little bit , I talked to some people from the <unk> , and I actually discovered that this is a game called [ unclear ] , which is to beat a <unk> on a Tuesday last Tuesday .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get further down , and you 'll see that you can actually get to the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to remove the image , so you really see what there is .
This is where we were , and this is the painting .
The best is to come , a second .
So now we 're rapidly going to jump again at MoMA in New York .
Here 's another one of my favorites , `` The night <unk> . ''
The example I showed was to find details .
But what if you want to see the strokes ?
And if you want to look at how they 're going to actually create this masterpiece ?
It goes up and actually get it .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture , and I 'm actually going to get the cracks .
This is `` The night <unk> , '' I think I 'd never seen it before .
I 'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions .
There 's a lot of things more here , but I have no time to show it .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely all , does n't matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have an mansion , that 's the same .
You can online to create your own museum , create your own collection for all of these images .
It 's very simple , we go into , I 've created this function that I call `` The Power of zooming in , '' we just zoom around .
It 's about `` The ambassadors '' at the National Gallery in London .
You can write things out , send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you consider these masterpieces .
So in conclusion , I think for me , the main thing is that all incredible things do n't really come from Google .
No , in my view , even they come from museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , they come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope that in this digital medium justice to its artwork , and that is represented properly online .
And the big question I 'm doing today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is no .
It 's to supplement experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good evening everyone .
I have something to show you .
Think about it 's a pixel , a flying pixel .
In our lab , we call it sensitive design .
I 'm going to tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm from Italian origin , all children in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of their bedroom , but the reason I show you this is that it has happened something very interesting in Formula 1 in the last two decades .
Just some time ago , if you wanted to win a career from Formula 1 , take a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot were good enough , you 'd win the race .
This is what , in engineering , you 've got a real-time control system in real time .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
What 's interesting is that the real-time control systems are starting to enter into our lives .
Our cities , in the last few years , have been covered with networks and electronics .
They 're getting computers into the air .
And as such , they 're starting to respond differently , and they can be detected and <unk> .
<unk> cities are big .
As long as you want to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet 's cortex , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be a big thing .
Beyond the cities , all of these detections , and <unk> are coming into our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibit of Rosey <unk> , in MoMA , during the summer of MoMA .
It 's called `` uncle , '' and it 's called `` uncle . ''
Well , our objects , the environment , start speaking to us .
In a way , it 's like almost all the existing atoms become sensors and actuators .
And that 's changing the interaction that we humans have with the outside environment .
It 's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo ...
You know , when Michelangelo put the Moses under the Moses , he says that at the end took the hammer , and he threw it into the Moses -- you know , you can still see a little bit of a dent in a <unk> and he said , `` Oh , in fact , if you 're not talking ?
Well , today , for the first time , our environment starts speaking to us .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples ; <unk> in the idea of capturing the environment and push something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer , hopefully 2006 .
It was the year where Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you would remember , played Italy and France , and at the end of it , he gave the <unk> .
And anyway , the end won Italy .
Now , let 's see what happened that day looking at the activity of the Web .
Here we see the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the <unk> River .
It 's the morning , before the game .
The timeline is on top .
At the early afternoon , there are people over here and doing calls , moving .
It starts the game : silence .
<unk> from France . <unk> from Italy .
People do a call fast and go to the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
First extra time , second .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
win Italy , yes !
That night , everybody went to celebrate the center .
There you see the big peak .
The next day everyone went into the center of the winner and the prime minister of then .
And then everybody went down .
You see the picture of the place called <unk> Massimo where , from the Roman time , people will celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the peak at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how today you can measure the city 's pulse in a way that we would n't have been able to do just a few years ago .
Another quick example of detection : it 's not about people , it 's about things we use and we consume .
Today we know everything about the window of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac , how you assemble it .
But we know very little about where things go .
So in this project , we developed some small tags , to track the trash in the system .
We started with a few volunteers who helped us in Seattle recently a little bit more than a year ago , to label what they were throwing out , different kinds of things , as you can see , things that are going to happen .
Then we put a little chip , a tag on the trash , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results .
In Seattle .
after a week .
With this information , we realized that there are many inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same with much less energy .
These are data that did n't exist before .
You 're going on complicated things , and there are lots of unnecessary transportation .
But the other thing we think is that if you look at every day that the cup that <unk> does n't go away , that it 's still somewhere on the planet .
That if the plastic bottle that we throw down a day still is still there .
And that if we show that to people , then we will be able to promote any change of conduct .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague from MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us a lot more about detecting and many other great things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part that we talked at the beginning , which is push on the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city , which came and told us that Spain and South Europe has a beautiful tradition of use of water in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can the technology , the new technology , join that ?
And one of the ideas we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was imagine that you have a trunk and valves , valves , <unk> that open and closed .
It 's created like a water curtain , with the pixels of water .
If the pixels on the pixels can be written in them , I 'll show patterns , images , pictures .
And when you zoom in , the curtain will open so that we can pass , as you see in the image .
We presented this to the mayor of this .
I liked it very much .
And we would take a commission to design the building at the entry .
We call it the Digital Water collector .
The whole building is made of water .
There 's no windows and no windows , but when you 're coming open so you can go through .
The ceiling is also covered with water .
And if you have a little bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , you go down the roof .
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears , like this case .
Those days there will always be someone , in the winter , when the roof go down , someone who was there and said , `` Let 's take the building . ''
No , it 's not that we have demolished , but when it comes down almost all architecture , it goes away .
Here it is working .
You see the people who are going through what 's happening inside .
And here I am trying to do not get wet when the sensors open the water .
I think I should tell you what happened a night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the children of <unk> came to the building because the way of interacting had changed a little bit .
It was no longer a building that would open it to you , but a building that kept making cuts and water holes and you had to jump to not get wet .
( Noise of people ) And for us that was very interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think of use that people will give our designs .
But then it 's always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with the pixels , the pixels of water , and of projections on them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could start to fly .
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air , and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , like the one we saw before , that moves with other in synchrony .
We could form this cloud .
It 's a kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , where what changes is the light , not the position of the pixels .
You can play with a different type .
Imagine that screen appears at different scales and sizes , in different types of resolution .
And then all of that could be a pixels of 3D pixels that you can get around , and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real <unk> controlled , going down to form a V , like before .
When the light goes on , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine every one of them controlled by a person .
We can have each pixel with an input that comes from people , the movement of people , etc. , etc .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with <unk> <unk> from the world 's best dancers of ballet today , the star of New York City and the Scala <unk> to capture its movements in 3D and use it as entry to <unk> .
Here we can see <unk> dancing .
On the left you see the pixels in different resolutions .
It 's so much 3D digitization in real time as a movement capture .
It can transform all the movement .
You can go through the whole way .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with color and movement , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as a possible entry to the <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project that we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could engage the people to do something and change our environment as a <unk> nursery like barn farming , but with a cloud .
So imagine that we could do all of them to do a little bit for a pixel .
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that , in the last two decades , we moved from the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , like knowledge , and it 's accessible to the Internet .
Today , for the first time -- and the Obama campaign is <unk> , we can move from the digital world , from the power self-organizing of networks , to the physical world .
In our case , this may we want to use to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today : think of climate change or CO2 emissions , how do you go from the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made from pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles .
And those particles are water , whereas in our cloud they are pixels .
It 's a physical structure in London , but they 've covered with pixels .
You can move through , you can have different experiences .
You can see from the bottom , it will serve for sharing the main moments of the first Olympics , and even more , and it can be used as a form of connection to the community .
So , it 's a physical cloud of the sky like something that you can go up , like a new top of London .
You can get into there .
As if it was a new digital <unk> at night , but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone to go to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than what they are ?
Suppose I told you that , with only a difference in your genes , you could improve the memory -- the more accurate , the more accurate and faster .
Or maybe you 'd like to be in better ways , to be stronger , to have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and so sure of themselves ?
What about living more good health ?
Or maybe they 're from those people who always wanted to be more creative .
What else would you like ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience member : Creativity ) Creativity : Creativity .
How many people would choose creativity ?
Hands up . Let me see .
A few . It 's probably due to the number of creative people present .
That 's really good .
How many people would choose the memory ?
A few more .
And the physical state ?
A little less .
How about longevity ?
Oh , most of them . That makes me feel very well as a doctor .
If you could have some of this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or maybe it 's possible ?
Evolution has been a <unk> issue here at the TED Conference , but today I want to give you the look at a doctor on the subject .
The great geneticist of the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , which besides <unk> in the <unk> Church of <unk> , wrote an essay called `` Nothing in biology , makes sense except for the birth of Evolution . ''
But if you actually accept biological evolution , consider this : is it just about the past , or the future ?
Is it about the others or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , well at one end , it 's , of course , that we 're most interested in .
<unk> from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
In the interval , there has been maybe 20 different species of hominids .
Some of them have gone and come back .
We 've been here about <unk> years .
It might seem like we are very far from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , in the most part of the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same .
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that 's used to treat diabetes ?
This is not like human insulin , but it 's the same protein , chemically indistinguishable , from which you come out of the pancreas .
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all carry on the most bacteria more bacteria that we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , think about when Antonio Damasio 's raises you about the <unk> -- think about bacteria ?
The gut is a beautifully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , moist , it 's very insecure .
And we 're going to provide all of the nutrients that you can want without effort on their part .
It 's really like one is fast for the bacteria with the occasional occasional disruption of some rush <unk> out .
But therefore , we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life .
They help digest essential nutrients , and they protect us from certain diseases .
But what lies the future ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species ?
Or meant to become something different , something maybe better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast <unk> symphony in the universe , life on Earth is like a little compass ; the animal kingdom , as a single and single one , and the human life , a little bit of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk , so I hope you 've enjoyed it .
When I first had my first biology class .
I was fascinated by elegance and beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : most of the existence of life , in single-celled organisms , every cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters cells .
But when the multicellular organisms appear to change .
It goes into sexual reproduction .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you might say that the death inevitability of the body comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction .
I have to tell you that when I was a college student , I thought , well , <unk> , <unk> , death for sex ; it seemed pretty reasonable at that time , but with every year that happened , every single time I had more doubts .
I came to understand the feelings of George Burns , who was still acting in Las Vegas well in his 90s .
And one night someone hits his hotel door .
He opens up the door .
In front of him , you find a magnificent little slight dancer of clothing .
He looks at him and he says , `` I came in looking for a sex soup .
`` Okay , '' he says George , `` I chose the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily counterintuitive , just counterintuitive .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted to be healthy .
I wanted to restore health care .
I wanted them to live more and more healthy .
Evolution is going to happen to the genome next generation ; adapting and generation generation after generation .
From an evolutionary point of view , you and I are a <unk> rockets designed to send the genetic load to the next orbital level , and then let us drop into the sea .
I think we would all understand the feeling that they put Woody Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to make immortality through my work .
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution does n't necessarily respond to longevity .
It does n't necessarily make the biggest or the strongest or the faster and even the smartest one .
Evolution favors the best creatures of their environment .
That 's the only proof of survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the bacteria <unk> that can survive the heat of the <unk> that would produce , if there were fish there , <unk> fish , <unk> fish , yet they 've managed to do that a welcoming environment .
So , what does this mean , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if we come back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if we look forward , to the next phase , I would say there 's a lot of possibilities .
The first one is that I do n't know .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine , first of all , we 've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and cut out of the population .
And second , as a species , we 've made our environment to be adapted to us as we adapt to it .
And by the way , we migrated , we are migrated , and we 're going to make ourselves so much that it 's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for evolution to happen .
A second possibility is that there 's an evolution of traditional , natural type , dictated by the forces of nature .
And the argument here would be : the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in terms of isolation , when we have a species of <unk> planets , there are going to exist in isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution naturally .
But there is a third possibility , an attractive , intriguing and terrifying possibility .
I call it <unk> , new evolution , which is not simply natural -- but checks and selected for us as individuals in the decisions we 'll take .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we get to do this ?
We first consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they are choosing to have more boys than women .
It 's not necessarily good for society , but it 's what you choose at the individual and family level .
Just think that if you could be able to choose not only the sex of their offspring , but in your own body to make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease .
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer 's or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the stroke ?
Do n't you want to make those changes in their genes ?
If we look at the future that kind of changes will be increasingly possible .
The Human Genome Project began 1990 , it sued for 13 years .
<unk> million dollars .
The next year of being finished , in 2004 , I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three or four months .
Today , you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost near the $ 20,000 and a week .
It 's not missing a lot to make the human genome happen for $ 1,000 and more and more to the grasp of all .
That changes come .
The same technology that 's produced the human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not just going to protect us from themselves , but they 're going to need immunity against other viruses .
Believe it or not there is a experimental trial in progress with the flu vaccine of a tobacco plant .
Can you imagine something good that comes out of tobacco ?
That 's reality today and the future is going to be increasingly possible .
Imagine then only two small changes .
Can you change the cells from their bodies , but if they could change the cells in their offspring ?
And if you could change the sperm and the eggs , or changing the <unk> egg , and give their children a better chance of a healthier life , eliminating diabetes , remove the <unk> , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want healthier children ?
And then that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to adopt <unk> <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't we have the ingenuity of an Ken Jennings on everything if you could <unk> with the next generation of the machine Watson ?
Why do n't you have a <unk> muscle faster than allowed us to run faster and further away ?
Why not live longer ?
This is going to be compelling .
And when we 're in conditions of presenting this to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we want to have the evolution of before in <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that normally could take 100 thousand years , and we can compress it into 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or the grandchildren of their grandchildren , are going to have them .
Are we going to use these choices to bring a better , more successful society ?
Or are we going to selectively selectively selectively choose some of us , but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more and more robust and more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to have to face .
And the deepest of all : are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom needed to make these decisions wisely ?
For good or for bad , and before what you might think , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a great explosion when you 're at 900 feet tall .
Imagine a plane full of smoke .
Imagine an engine making <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
Well , I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assistants .
So I immediately looked at them , and they said , `` No problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had no airplane , and we were n't so far .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot would run the airplane with the Hudson River .
Mostly that is not the route .
It 's <unk> the engines .
Imagine being in an airplane and no noise .
And then he said three words .
The three more <unk> words I 've ever heard .
He said , `` <unk> to impact . ''
I did n't have to talk about the flight assistant .
I was able to see it in his eyes .
Life was finished . Life ended .
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We have this list of things to do before we die , these things we want to do in life , and I thought about all the people I wanted to get to , and I did n't , all the fences I wanted to repair , all the experiences I 've wanted to have and I never had .
As I thought about that later , I came up with a sentence , which is , `` I collect bad wines . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there , I 'll open it up .
I do n't want to do anything in life .
And that urgency , that purpose , has really changed my life .
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as long as I put up the George Washington Bridge , which was n't a lot of -- I thought about , wow , I really feel a great deal .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity and with my mistakes , I 've tried to improve everything I did .
But in my humanity , I also give my ego .
And I 'm sorry the time I wasted on things that matter that it did n't matter with people who matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , as <unk> in that , I decided to eliminate negative energy from my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It feels like wonders .
I do n't try to be right anymore ; I 'm happy to be happy .
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is <unk> , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water <unk> .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries .
And while <unk> , I had the feeling of , wow , not fear .
It 's almost like we 've been <unk> for it all our lives .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness became a single thought , which is , I just wish one thing .
I wish I could see my children grow .
A month later , I was in a performance of my daughter -- first grade , not a lot of artistic talent -- yet , and I scream , cry , like a little bit .
And for me , that was the whole reason of being in the world .
At that point , I understood those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent .
For everything , the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent .
I gave me a miracle of a miracle , not to die that day .
And they gave me another gift , which was the possibility of looking at the future and go back and live differently .
You 're flying today , the challenge to imagine that you 're going on your plane -- and please not be like that -- but imagine , and how does it change ?
What would you do , that they still expect to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How do you change your relationships and the negative energy in them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents who can ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects .
But the greatest thing I worked on was for this guy .
The guy is called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> .
One day he came to his house after running , and he said , `` Dad , sorry , sorry on your legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS .
Today , it 's got total paralysis .
You can only use your eyes .
Their work influenced me .
I have a design company and animation , so obviously , the graffiti is a little bit , we admire and respect in the world of art .
So we decided that we were going to sort of <unk> Tony , <unk> , and her cause .
So I went and met with her brother and his father and I said , `` We 're going to give you this money .
What are you going to do with him ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to communicate with him and he 's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` A second , not that <unk> Stephen <unk> is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you be somebody important , and you have a very good one , you ca n't actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how are you communicating then ? ''
Did anybody see the movie `` The <unk> and the butterfly ? ''
They communicate that way -- you 're going up with your finger .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I introduced myself to the only desire to deliver a check and instead of that signed a check that I did n't have the least idea of how I was going to cover .
I committed his brother and his father there at that very moment , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to make your artwork again .
Because it 's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside it ca n't communicate . ''
So I spoke at a conference a couple months later .
I met these guys called `` <unk> Research '' Lab , which have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface , and then , with a laser pointer , you draw on that and they recorded the negative space .
So they 're going around doing art installations like this .
All the things that appear , they say , they 're part of a life cycle .
First of all , they start with sex organs , then with the bad words , after the Bush attacks , and at the end , people start doing art .
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations .
And so the journey started .
And about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization , and so much moving the things one side to another we had achieved a couple of things .
One , we played the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine to make it <unk> -- a machine like Stephen Hawking .
Which was great .
And seriously , it 's the most fun thing -- I call it <unk> because when I 'm talking to the guy , you get an email from him , and you say , `` I do n't do it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring to seven programmers from all over the world <unk> from every single corner of the <unk> to our house .
My wife , kids and I move into the garage of the back and these hackers and the programmers and the programmers and the <unk> and <unk> took control of the house .
Many of our friends thought we were doing something that was totally stupid , and that when they were able to take off the walls of the walls , and instead it would have graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went to the Venice of Venice , my son was part , my dog , as well , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> , and you can see the description .
They 're a pair of cheap sun glasses we buy in the shipping in Venice Beach , some copper wire and <unk> things and Radio Shack .
We take a <unk> camera , we cut it open , we put it up on an LED light , and now there 's a device that 's free -- and it 's built yourself ; we published the code that you 're going down the software is going down for free .
And we created a device that has no limitation at all .
There 's no insurance company to say , `` No . ''
There 's no hospital that can say `` no . ''
Anyone with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate with just their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . That was awesome .
So at the end of the two weeks we came back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the other person 's room , and that 's his room .
There was all this <unk> and <unk> during the great opening .
And after over a year of planning , two weeks of programming , two weeks of high night , Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life , and it 's looking through the support system of your life .
We ran the bed so I could see .
And we put a projector projector on a wall of the hospital outside .
And he <unk> in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what it was in the parking lot .
So the funny thing was that we had to take up in the parking lot , so we feel like we were <unk> the graffiti as well .
At the end of this , he sent us an email , and this was what he said , `` This was the first time I was in seven years .
I felt like I 'd been under the water and somebody finally came to me and took me out of there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In a way that 's our scream for war .
That 's what keeps us in motion , developing .
And we have a long way to go through this .
It 's a great device , but it 's the equivalent of a <unk> .
Someone with this artistic potential deserves a lot more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and make it faster and robust .
Since then we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We 've won a lot of prizes .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are making money with this .
Everything comes out of our own pockets .
The prizes were from the guy , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us , and then in December , Time magazine recognized us as one of the top 50 inventions , and it was really cool .
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up from close to <unk> is that in April of this year at the University of Los Angeles , there 's going to be an exhibition called `` Art in <unk> . ''
And `` Art in <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> of <unk> urban art , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them are going to be there .
It 's going to be in the show which is pretty impressive .
So basically , this is my idea : if you see something that 's not possible , do it possible .
None of what you have in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone , the <unk> , was n't possible at some point .
You can -- anything in this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I never did anything with eye recognition technology , I just recognized something , and I 'm going to join myself with wonderful people to make it happen .
And these are the questions that I want you all to do every day when we 're going to find something that we feel like doing . If it 's not now , when ? And if I 'm not me , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years in situations who are generally very difficult , and at the same time , dangerous .
I went to jail -- hard .
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous .
It Film in zones of war -- hard and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days eating this -- a lot of fun in the beginning , something difficult in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
In fact , in a lot of my career , I 've been focusing on awful situations with the only goal to try and look at social issues in ways that kind of attractive , interesting , and hopefully analyze them in a way that look interesting and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew that I would come up here to do a TEDTalk on the world of brands , and sponsorship wanted to do something a little bit different .
So some of you may have heard it , or not , a couple of weeks ago I took a warning .
I sent some messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , I offered them the rights of the name of 2011 .
What I had was the following : `` <unk> National <unk> presents : my TEDTalk that you do n't have any idea what and content could be made in the face , especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company to do it .
But I said this , it 's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
Many .
It 's a title of progress , by the way .
So even with that <unk> knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you would have asked me a year ago , I would n't have to tell you for sure .
But in the new shot that I 'm working on , we examined the marketing world , of advertising .
And as I said earlier , I stood in horrible situations in the last few years , but nothing could prepare me , so it could be so dangerous or so dangerous as you enter the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a film .
Morgan <unk> : I want to make a film that I care about the <unk> of products , marketing and advertising , and the advertising , and that all the film is saved with <unk> of products and marketing and advertising .
The film is going to call `` The largest film ever sold . ''
What happens in `` The most big film ever sold , '' is that everything from the top down , in principle , has a brand images , all the time -- from the <unk> that comes up before the title , brand X .
Now this brand , <unk> <unk> , <unk> Center .
These people would join the film in forever .
And so the film is exploring this whole idea . ( Michael <unk> : It 's redundant . ) So , is it ? ( MK : It 's redundant . ) Okay , forever ?
I 'm a pair . ( MK : Just say it . ''
It was `` Careful . forever . ''
But we 're not just going to have the sponsor of the X brand in the title , but we 're going to make sure we would use all the categories that we could in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the most cool shoe you 've used ...
The most cool car that you 've driven in `` The biggest film ever is sold , '' the best drink you 've had to have said , `` The largest film ever sold out . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is , in addition to showing the brands as a part of life , making them <unk> the film ? ( MS : Making the shot . ) MS : And we actually show the whole process of how it works .
The goal of the film is transparency .
You 'll see all the process in this film .
That 's the whole idea , all the film , at beginning to end .
And I would love to help make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the most respect for the audience .
<unk> : However , I do n't know how sensitive people are going to be .
<unk> : You 've got a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle '' is really <unk> , but you know how it 's going to make a hell ? ( MS : No idea . ) David <unk> : How much money does it need to do this ?
MS : A million and a half . ( DC : All right . ) John Kamen : I think it 's going to be difficult to meeting them , but it certainly is going to be worth trying to make a pair of big brands .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment that the movie comes out , we 'll see as a bunch of joyful idiots .
MS : What do you think that 's going to be the answer ?
So Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` no . ''
MS : But will it be hard to sell , for the film or for me ?
JK : Both things .
MS : ... means you 're not very optimistic .
So , help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right . ( MK : Okay . ) Awesome .
MK : We need to think about what brands .
MS : Yeah . ( MK : That 's the challenge -- When you look at the people you have to deal with ...
MK : We 've got some places where I go . ( MS : Good . ) Now , <unk> the camera .
MS : I thought , `` Turn off the camera , '' meant we have a conversation out of the microphone .
<unk> the camera means `` We do n't want to know anything about your film . ''
MS : And so , one by one , all of these companies suddenly disappeared .
None wanted to have anything to do with this film .
I was surprised .
They did n't want to know about this project .
And I was very impressed ; I thought that the concept of advertising , was present to as many people as possible , making so many people see it as possible .
Especially in the world today , this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of the separate media , is n't the idea to tell that new vehicle that 's going to bring the message to the masses ?
No , that 's what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , my idea had a <unk> mistake and that mistake was this one .
No , there was no error .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been fine .
But the problem was what this image represents .
See , when you look for images from <unk> , ' in Google comes up -- this is one of the first pictures that appear .
I like your way to roll , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : transparency , simulation or deception , easily detected or seen -- easily understandable -- which is characterized by the visibility or access of information , especially in business practices -- being the last line maybe the biggest problem .
You see , we hear a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians for the name , the president of claims , even CEOs , name .
But all of a sudden , when it comes to it , it really changes something .
But why ? Well , transparency is scary -- like that weird bear that still is born .
It 's unpredictable -- like this weird rural path .
And it 's also very risky .
What else is it risky ?
I had an entire bowl of <unk> <unk> .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to companies and to tell you that we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want them to tell us a story .
We want you to tell a story , but tell us story . ''
See , when I was a kid , and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he 's just staring at me as <unk> said , `` Son , there are three sides in every story .
There 's your story , there 's my story , and it 's the real story . ''
As you see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with only one company , an agency wanting to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard <unk> from many years -- I realized that I would have to go on my own , I would have to take off the proxy and go to business myself with all my equipment .
So what I started to suddenly warn you -- and I started to realize that when you start talking to the business , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big , giant films and others who make small films , independent , like mine .
And my friends who make big Hollywood films , giant Hollywood , they say the reason their movies have so much success is because of the peer brands that they have .
And then my friends make independent films , say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the film is called `` The largest film ever sold . ''
How are we going to see specifically tomorrow 's film ?
Every time I 'm going to go out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the Ban deodorant .
At any time during an interview with someone , can you say `` Are you cool for this interview ?
You ready ? You see a little nervous .
I want to help you with it .
Maybe you should get a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there was one of these fabulous condoms .
Both <unk> <unk> as `` paradise 's <unk> '' is going to have their opportunity .
We 're going to have so much for man like a woman , solid , to <unk> , in bar , whatever .
That 's the general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give you a look at it .
Karen Frank : We 're a small brand .
It 's similar to the kind of smaller movies you 've made ; we 're more good at a rival brand .
So we do n't have the budget that has other brands .
So do things like that , you know , you know , you remind people is the reason why we 're interested in .
MS : What words would you use to describe tomorrow ?
He 's in white .
KF : That 's a big question .
Woman : superior tech .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the <unk> .
Man : We talk about something bold , cool .
I think `` cool '' is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus `` combat smell and sweat . ''
It keeps you cool .
How do we keep us cool over time ? With better freshness , more freshness , three times cooler .
Things like those of the benefits .
MS : And that 's a <unk> company .
What about me ? What about me ?
I need to talk to the man of the street , to the people like me , to the common <unk> .
They have to talk to me about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Mmm my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like good clothes .
Woman : revive the '80s , <unk> punk unless it 's a laundry day .
MS : Okay , what 's the <unk> brand ?
<unk> : One thing . ( MS : unique . ) Man : I guess the gender , the style I have would be like a dark <unk> .
I like dark colors , many gray and things like that .
It 's usually wearing accessories like sunglasses , or I like crystals and like it .
Woman : If Dan was a brand could be a classic <unk> , the Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand I am , I would call it `` casual . ''
Woman 2 : In a hippie part , partly <unk> , in part of the Brooklyn , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the guy of pets .
They 're making pet toys in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my little sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx because they deliver commodities .
Man 5 : You know , I failed .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , not all of us can be brand Tom , but I often miss myself at the intersection of dark <unk> and casual .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed somebody who could enter my head , someone who could help me understand what they call the `` <unk> personality . ''
And I found a company called Olson <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discover that personality of brand .
If they could do it for them , they could surely do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> the photos , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first picture is a family photo .
A : Tell me a little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way to be .
MS : These people shape my way to see the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world that you live -- like people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live in your life , the work you do .
All those things come from , and they start in a place and in my case , they start in my family , West Virginia .
A : What 's the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next one is `` This was the best day of my life . ''
A : How does this relate to your thoughts , feelings and your way to be ?
MS : It 's like who I want to be .
I like different things .
I like that weird stuff . I like weird things .
A : Tell me about why , `` why is it for us ? ''
What 's the machete ? What phase is you looking at now ?
Why is it important ? What is the red ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
A little bit more than you , which is not who you are .
What else do you have ?
It does n't have to be fear . What kind of Russian mountain are you ?
MS : <unk> ! ( A : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great : Great . ) A : Yeah . ( MS : Thank you very much . ) All right .
MS : Yeah , I do n't know what 's going to come out of this .
There was a lot of madness in all of this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but complementary , in your brand personality , brand Morgan <unk> is a <unk> brand .
They 're getting very well together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think some companies are only going to be embedded in one of their strong points or the other instead of focusing on both .
A lot of companies tend to be -- and it 's the nature to avoid the things that are not safe ; they avoid fear , those elements , and you actually wake up and make something positive to you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other marks are you ?
The first here is classic , Apple .
And you can see here to Target , Wii , Mini of Mini and <unk> .
Now there are playful marks and brands , those things that have gone and come from , but a <unk> brand is pretty powerful .
MS : A <unk> brand . What 's your brand ?
If someone asks you to hold your brand identity , your brand personality , what would be ?
Are you a upward attribute ? Are you someone who makes blood flow ?
Or are you more good to a descending attribute ?
It 's a little bit more pleasurable , in special , conservative ?
The aggregate attributes are like being playful , like the Prince , contemporary , adventurous , bold or bold as <unk> <unk> , rapid or agile , profane and dominant , magical , magical , mystical .
Or are you very much of dramatic attribute ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated as <unk> ?
Are you established , traditional , provider , protective , protective ?
Are you reliable , stable , familiar , reliable , reliable , reliable , wise , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
Over the course of this film , we had over 500 companies and wider and descending , which said , `` No , '' they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mostly because they would n't have control , would have no control over the end product .
They allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we 've got to tell the story in this movie of how they now use MRI magnetic resonance to identify the centers of the desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing like film marketing .
We went to St. Paulo , where it 's forbidden the outdoors .
In the entire city for the last five years , there are no posters , no posters , no <unk> , no <unk> .
And we went to school districts in which companies are getting into the schools with liquidity problems in the U.S .
The amazing thing to me is that the projects that I 've had the greatest answer or the ones I 've had more success are those who I interacted with with things directly .
And that 's what these brands did .
<unk> the <unk> , they took off their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to try directly with the artist .
I 'm going to work with it to create something different , something that 's going to make people think that 's going to challenge the way we look at the world .
And how has they gone ? Did they succeed ?
Well , since the movie was released in the Sundance Festival , let 's take a look .
According to the film , my film was released in January , and since then -- and this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million impressions of the media for this film .
This covers just a period of two and a half weeks .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The film is still not <unk> .
It 's still not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even presented in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this film has already begun to gain momentum .
And it 's not bad because almost all the agencies that we speak to their customers will not be part .
I 've always believed that if you risk , if you take risks , that in those risks there are opportunities .
I think when you get people out of that , it 's pushing them into failure .
I think when you train your employees at the risk of risk , it 's preparing the whole company to be rewards .
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to take the risk .
We need to encourage people to not have fear of the opportunities that they can do .
Ultimately , to move forward , I think we have to get it to fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
We fear fear . <unk> the risk .
From an <unk> at the time , we have to embrace the risk .
And ultimately we have to harbor transparency .
Today , more than never a bit of honesty is going to go a long way .
And I said this , with honesty and transparency , all my talk `` <unk> '' has been presented by my good friends of <unk> who for $ papers bought the rights of the name in <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> big data in great opportunities for companies around the world .
<unk> presents the Transparency .
Thank you very much .
June Cohen : So Morgan , in the name of transparency , which happened exactly with those $ papers ?
MS : It 's a fantastic question .
In my pocket , I have a check at the name of the TED array of TED , the Sapling Foundation , a check for $ Man to be applied to my TED assistance for the next year .
The idea behind the computer worm is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> <unk> plant .
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems .
If we managed to engage these systems that control speeds and valves , we can cause a lot of problems with a centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows ' software ; they 're a completely different technology .
But if we can put a cash virus out of Windows on a laptop used by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We started with a Windows <unk> .
The <unk> enters the gray box , hurts the centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is <unk> ; mission accomplished .
It 's easy , huh ?
I want to tell you how we discovered this .
When we started to investigate about Stuxnet six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing I knew is that it 's very , very complex on the part of Windows : <unk> used multiple vulnerabilities .
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes , these control systems .
That really struck us , and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stuxnet , and we saw what was going on with this .
So , you 've got very strange things .
Stuxnet behave like a laboratory rat who did n't like our cheese : I wave it , but I did n't want to eat .
I did n't make sense for me .
And then to experiment with different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , `` This is a targeted attack . ''
It 's completely addressed . ''
<unk> is actively looking for the gray box , if you find a specific configuration , and even if the program you 're trying to infect is actually working in that place .
If no , Stuxnet does n't do anything .
So that called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It could be , let 's say for example , an American power plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
Well , better than the goal soon .
And so we pulled it up and put the seizure code , and we found that I was structured in two digital bombs -- a small one and a big one .
We also saw that they were very professionally armed by people who obviously had all the internal information .
We 're going to get all of the points to attack .
You probably even know how much matches the operator .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard that Stuxnet 's <unk> is complex and high technology , let me tell you , the load is very complex .
It 's very above all that we 've seen before .
Here 's a sample of this code of attack .
We 're talking about 15 thousand lines of code .
It 's pretty much like the old language assembler .
I want to tell you how we could find sense of this code .
What we were looking for at the beginning was called functions in the system , because we know what they do .
Then we were looking for <unk> and data structures , and we tried to deal with the real world with potential world goals .
We need theories about recipients that we can pass or <unk> .
To get to theories about goals , we remember that it 's definitely a violent <unk> , it must be a valuable white , and it 's probably located in Iran , because it 's where most infections has been <unk> .
You do n't find several thousand goals in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of <unk> and the <unk> plant of <unk> .
So I told my assistant , `` Let 's put a list of all the experts in <unk> and plants of energy between our clients . ''
I called them , and I went back to an effort for <unk> their experience with what we find in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with the control of rotor .
Now , rotor is that mobile part in the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If they run the speed of this rotor , they can certainly <unk> and even make a centrifuge .
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was doing slow and <unk> in an effort to make it crazy to nest maintenance engineers , so they could n't solve this very quickly .
We 're trying to figure out the big digital <unk> looking very closely by looking at the data and its structures .
So , for example , the number <unk> shows up on that code , you ca n't get it away .
I started investigating scientific literature about how these <unk> are built in <unk> and found that they 're structured in what 's called a waterfall , and every waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better yet .
These <unk> in Iran are divided into 15 parts called stages .
And guess what we find in the attack code ?
It 's almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had between their hands .
For no misunderstanding , it was n't .
The results have been taken from several weeks of hard work .
It 's normally <unk> on dead ends , and we had to get back .
Yet , we found that both digital warheads were at one and the same goal , but from different angles .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall , and you spin rotors and <unk> , and the big size communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating it .
In sum , we 're very confident that we 've determined what the intended recipient is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should n't worry that other goals are going to go through for Stuxnet .
Here I 'm showing you some very interesting things that we saw , really shocked me .
There 's the gray box , and you see the <unk> .
What this thing is doing is to intercept the input values for example , from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code , which is still running during the attack with false data .
And believe it or not , these fake entry data is <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's like the Hollywood movies where , during theft , the security chamber feeds on <unk> video .
That 's cool ?
The idea here is obviously not just <unk> the operators in the room of control .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is <unk> a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could n't act fast .
For example , in a power plant , when the big steam turbine is going out of speed , you have to open escape cash valves .
Obviously , this ca n't do it a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when you 're committed , then you can go through bad things .
The plant can explode .
And no <unk> , the security system will notice .
That scares .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with <unk> .
It could work too , for example , in a power plant , or in an automotive plant .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have -- as an attacker , that disseminate this burden with the USB key , as we saw in the case of Stuxnet .
You could also use the conventional <unk> technology .
It will be more possible .
And if you made that , with what <unk> is with a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence we have to face .
Unfortunately , the biggest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals .
We have to face the consequences , and better than we start to prepare now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , has been done in a lot of sides that people assume that <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What 's your opinion ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , really want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay .
My view is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is cyber superpower .
There 's one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because , otherwise our problems would be even bigger .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that can be able to take and to give them <unk> skills , or one that makes users from wheelchair yourself and get up to walk .
In `` <unk> <unk> '' we call these robots , exoskeletons .
It 's not different than something that is put in the morning , it gives you a big force , which also increases its speed , and help him , for example , to handle the balance .
It 's actually the actual integration of man and the machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it to the universe and with other foreign entities .
This is not an unreal idea .
So to show you now what we 're working on , we started talking about the American soldier who , on average , must take on their back a <unk> load of 45 pounds , and you 're pushed to get even more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back , in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with your shoulder damage .
So we decided to look at this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help manage the issue .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> -- or you 're going to have Universal Human Human Human
Soldier : With the exoskeleton <unk> , I can carry 90 pounds of variable land for many hours .
Their flexible design , allows you to put into lots of crawling and run movements with great agility .
I want to show you what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then it increases my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
That 's a reality .
So let 's go back to the users of chairs , and what I feel particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people of roughly , in front chairs , around the world .
Like one percent of the total population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talk about something that happens very often , very young people , with damage in the spine that when they start their lives -- to 20 , 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice .
We also talk about the population that you 're going to get older quickly .
Their only choice , many times -- for a brain injury , or some other complication -- it 's the wheelchair .
And this has been so over the last 500 years , from its successful emergence , as I should recognize .
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter about mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> who is using Amanda <unk> who had a spinal cord , and as a result was n't able to walk back for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , which I mentioned .
It has some sensors .
They completely not invasive on the crutches who are sending signals on board on board , here on the back .
There are also a few batteries that give power to the engines on the hips , and on the knees , and they make it forward with this smooth , very natural ride .
AB : I was 24 years old at the top of my life when , by a strange leap in the air , skiing down a little bit paralyzed .
In a fraction of a second , I lost a whole feeling and everything from pelvis .
Shortly after , a doctor entered my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 'll never walk . ''
That was 19 years ago .
So I stole up to the last little bit of hope of my self .
<unk> technology since then , it has allowed me to learn how to find out at <unk> costs in <unk> , climbing rocks and even ride a bike bike .
But they have n't invented anything that allowed me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms for sitting and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just soldiers , but Amanda , and all of the users of chairs , everybody .
AB : Thank you .
I just returned from a community that has the secret of human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton , they practice sex to say hello , and the game is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And no , it 's not the festival of Man <unk> or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , meet your cousins .
This is the world of the Nokia bonobos of Congo forests .
The bonobos are , along with chimpanzees , their closest living relatives .
That means we all share a common ancestry , an evolutionary grandmother , which lived about six million years ago .
Now chimpanzees are known for their assault .
But unfortunately , we 've made too much emphasis on this way in our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
Whereas the chimps are dominated by the big , terrifying guys , the Bonobo 's society is in charge of power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where it 's not observed yet .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the <unk> forest , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of <unk> itself -- stage of a violent conflict that 's extended by decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War .
No wonder that this destruction will also put in danger the survival of the Bonobo .
The trade trade and the deforestation do that they can not fill in a stadium with the bonobos who are in the world -- and honestly , we 're not sure of it .
However , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear the laughter hidden in the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them as apes , not war , because they have frequent sex , <unk> and bisexual to drive conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the Bonobo 's life is more than the <unk> <unk> .
The bonobos , like humans , love to play throughout their lifetime .
Play is not just a game of children .
For us and for them , the game is fundamental to establish ties and encourage tolerance .
We learn to trust , and we learn the rules of the game .
Play increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity of connections .
And when you look at the Bonobo game , you see the evolutionary roots of laughter , the dance and the human ritual .
Play is the glue that binds us .
I do n't know how you play , but I want to show you a couple of unique videos just taken from the wild .
First , it 's a Bonobo 's game game ; I do n't talk about football .
Here 's a female and a young young male in the middle of a persecution .
Look what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase : `` He 's holding it from the balls . ''
I just think that in this case he loves it , right ?
Yeah .
So the sexual game is common as much as a human as in humans .
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing together unusual elements of the game , like <unk> and also how the game requires confidence , and it promotes trust -- and at the same time it 's the most fun thing .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , you can adopt many ways , some of which are more <unk> , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where the wonder is .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who 's playing with <unk> water .
I think that , like her , sometimes we play alone , and we explore the boundaries of our inner worlds .
And it 's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact , and then unexpected connections that we form are the real power of creativity .
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present .
But they also have a secret for our future , a future where we need to adapt to a more difficult and harder world for greater creativity and greater cooperation .
The secret is that the game is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , the game is our <unk> <unk> .
To adapt to a world that changes have to play .
But how would we get to the most of our game capacity ?
The game is not frivolous .
The game is essential .
For Bonobos and humans alike , life is not just cruel and ruthless .
When it seems at least appropriate playing , they can be the moments that it 's the most urgent .
So primates , we embrace this gift of evolution and try to play together while they <unk> creativity , friendship and awe .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for developing a nonprofit , called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not fighting poverty , <unk> fires as a captain of the captain in a volunteer department .
And in our city , where volunteers allies with highly skilled staff , you have to get to the fire site very soon to enter action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer on the site , so I had a pretty high probability of going .
But yet there was a career in front of the other volunteers to get to the captain in charge and figure out what our job was .
When I found the captain , he was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that has certainly been through one of the worst days of his life .
We were at night , she was standing outside in the rain , under an umbrella , her pajamas and villagers , while his house was on fire .
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I was , <unk> <unk> <unk> came first to the captain and he asked him to go into and save the dog owner .
The dog ! I was messing up .
There was a lawyer or <unk> of money that , for the rest of his life , I would have to tell the people who entered a fire building to save a live , just because I won for five seconds .
Well , I was the following .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need to need between the house .
I need to climb up , <unk> the fire , and bring this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I swear .
I was n't exactly what I expected , but I went -- I put the stairs down at the end of the hallway , and he went to the <unk> firemen , and that 's kind of finished turning off the fire and entered the main room for a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my payload back by the staircase where I met my <unk> and the beautiful dog on the front door .
We bring out from the house of treasures for the house of the house where , as he was waiting , her treasure received much more attention than mine .
A few weeks later , the department received a letter from the house owner by the courageous effort to save his house .
The kindness that she observed by what else was someone had just had a pair of shoes .
So much in my calling at Robin Hood , as I call my calling as a fireman volunteer , I witnessed acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale , but also acts of grace and courage at the individual level .
And you know what I learned ?
Everything has its importance .
So when I look at this room to people who have achieved , or they are to achieve , remarkable levels of success I 'd like to remind you of this : not wait .
Do n't wait for the first million to make a difference in somebody 's life .
If you have something to give , let 's say it now .
We ate food in a dining room , <unk> a neighborhood park .
They 're mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have the opportunity to save somebody 's life , but each day we 're going to be able to influence somebody 's life .
So he trained the game ; I 'll get the shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first concrete blocks were built in 1868 with a very simple idea : cement modules from a fixed measure that fit together .
Very quickly , these became the most used building unit used in the world .
They 've allowed us to build things bigger than us , like buildings or bridges , a brick at the time .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , fingers came up with this .
It was called the machine assembly brick .
And in a few years , the seasonal bricks came to all households .
It 's estimated that you 've made over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
LEGO did it accessible .
anagrams simply adopted the concrete block , the favorite in the world , and it turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in the Bell labs , the next revolution was about to <unk> : the new building block .
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of aesthetic bricks , piled on each other to a world where everything was interactive .
Like the concrete block , the transistor allows us to create much larger circuits and more complex circuits , a brick at the time .
But there 's a main difference : the transistor was just for experts .
I do n't personally accept that , that the building blocks of our time are being reserved at the experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I started to explore the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started developing <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are electronic modules each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best of all is that they get together through magnets .
So you ca n't put it in a wrong way .
The bricks have a color code .
The green is the way , the blue is the current , the rose is the input and the orange one is the wire .
So , you just have to assemble a blue with a green and very quickly start to make bigger circuits .
One blue with one green make light .
We can put a button in the middle and so have a regulator .
So if we change the button by a pulse module , which is here , and now we have a flip light .
So , you know , <unk> this doorbell to create more impact , and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program and connect and adapt , we allow us to program using very simple intuitive gestures .
To make it faster or slower , you just tour this button that makes the pulse rate faster or slower .
The idea behind it is that it 's a growing collection .
We want all the interactions in the world to break up building blocks to use .
<unk> , sound , solar panels , motors -- everything has to be accessible .
We 've given <unk> to the children to see them playing with them .
And it 's been an amazing experience .
The best is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how it works from night , or why the door of an elevator lift is held open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We have also led to design schools .
So , for example , designers without expertise , start to play with <unk> as a material .
Here you can see , with bottles of paper and felt , we have <unk> .
So , a few weeks ago , we took a <unk> to the designers of Rhode Island , who do n't have any experience in engineering , just in cardboard , wood and paper and said , `` Do something . ''
Here 's an example of a project that you 've done , a Super <unk> cannon working .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a locust that is made of dough that 's afraid of darkness .
For these no engineers , <unk> became another material , electronics became another material .
And we want this material to be at the grasp of all .
So , <unk> has open source .
You can visit the website , download all the design files and manufacture them .
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live in , this interaction world , is our own .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar technology industry .
And my little company is looking for getting involved in the environment .
It 's distributed collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmmm . Wait a moment .
You can take a little bit to charge .
We can -- we can go better on the video to one side .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
The solar technology is ...
Oh , I 'm going to term time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything they 're supposed to do ; we asked them to work in government .
The initiative was <unk> for America and they would be like some <unk> Peace .
<unk> some members every year and we put them working with the municipalities .
Instead of sending them to the Third World , we send them to the wild world .
They made big apps ; they worked with the municipal employees .
Your task is to show the possibilities of technology today .
So meet by Al .
This is a fire hydrant hydrant .
Here 's how if I 'd come up with a quote , but what 's really looking for is that someone 's going to clean it when it 's caught up by the snow , because it knows that it 's not very good by turning fires when it 's covered with a meter of snow .
How did he ask for help in this particular way ?
Last year in Boston , we had a team of <unk> members for America .
They were in February , and at that moment it 's a long time last year .
They realized that the city never wiped out these fire hydrants .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> noticed something else : that the citizens who are <unk> with shovels in front of them .
So he did like any good programmer , I developed an app .
It 's a nice application where you can adopt a fire hydrant .
You accept cleaning it up .
When you do that , you put a name in this case , in this case .
If you do n't do it , someone can get it .
So it 's got a playful component .
It 's a modest application .
Maybe it 's the smallest of 21 applications programmed last year .
But it does something that no other technology is achieved .
And it extends into viral form .
A responsible for the City systems of Honolulu , and he realized that he could use it , not for snow , but for the citizens to embrace the tsunami .
It 's very important that these would work from the tsunami , but people steals batteries .
So he tells the citizens to control them .
And then Seattle decided to use it to make the citizens <unk> down .
And Chicago 's just throwing it out to make people go in to clean sidewalks when they were <unk> .
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it .
And this has been spreading without friction , naturally and natural .
If you know a little bit of government technology , you know this does n't normally happen .
The acquisition of software usually takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool for parents to be able to choose the best public school for their children .
Then they told us that it was done by the normal channels , it would have taken at least two and a half million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the courts of California , which is the side of California , and it does n't work .
And there are projects like this on every level of government .
So an application on a couple of days , and it spreads viral is kind of a warning shot to the institution of the government .
It suggests the best ways of working , not as in private companies , as many people think it should be .
Not as a technological company , but rather like the Internet itself .
That is , without restrictions , in the open and generative form .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way we address the issue of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an overlooked institution , but as a collective action problem .
And that 's really good because it turns out we 're very good for the collective action with digital technology .
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And it 's not just <unk> for America , but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic apps every day in their own communities .
They have n't given up with the government .
They have a great frustration to that , but you do n't complain , they fix it .
And these people know something we 've lost from sight .
And it 's that if we stop the feelings about politics , the line in the <unk> -- and all of those other things that they put us crazy , the government is essentially in words of Tim <unk> , `` What we do together because we ca n't . ''
Now , a lot of people have abandoned the government .
If you 're one of those people , I would ask you to fix it , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; the government does .
And because the government ultimately grows from us -- remember , `` We , the village , '' and the way you think about it is how to produce change .
I did n't know a lot of government when I started with this .
And as many people thought the government was to choose people to take charges .
Well , after two years , I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , especially , about <unk> .
This is the medical care center of services and information .
It 's the place that serves the calls if you brand 311 in America .
Scott <unk> this call .
He joined `` <unk> '' in the official knowledge base .
I did n't find anything . It started with animal control .
And finally he said , `` Hey , can you open the gates of the house , put it really hard music and see if you go ? ''
And it worked . So Scott 's good .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It has an application , web and mobile , called <unk> <unk> .
You do n't make that application .
It was the work of very smart people from the New Boston Association Office .
One day , this really happened , comes up with this request : `` <unk> in my garbage bucket . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do to do that ? ''
The dynamic of <unk> <unk> is different .
Scott was talking about a person .
In <unk> <unk> , everything is public , so everybody can see this .
In this case , he saw a neighbor .
The next report said , `` I approached the place , I found the garbage garbage behind the house .
IM : Yeah . I lived ? Yes .
I turned the cube . I went home .
Good evening , sweet <unk> . ''
Pretty simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of digital and physical .
And it 's also a great example of the government income to the government to distributed distributed .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And here I do n't necessarily mean the definition of platform .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to get together and help others .
So , a citizen helped another , but here the government had a key role .
It connected to two people .
And it could have connected with the government services of being necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than the government services .
When a neighbor helps another , we 'll get the communities .
If we call animals control , that costs a lot of money .
One important thing we need to think about government is that it 's not the same as politics .
A lot of people understand it , but they think that one is the entrance to the other .
That our entry to the government is the vote .
How many times have you chosen a political leader ? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that the government reflects our values and our own needs , but then we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is like a huge ocean and the politics is the <unk> <unk> layer .
Underneath it is what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt that it belongs to us that belongs to that that is that we 've been applying it in our against , that other thing , and we 're losing power .
People think politics is sexy .
If we want this institution to work , we will have to make the bureaucracy be sexy .
Because it 's where the true government work happens .
We have to collaborate with the machinery of government .
That makes the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens concerned that have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the petition for <unk> -- the financial reform project .
That 's not political activism , it 's kind of bureaucratic activism .
And for those of us who have gotten to the government , it 's time for us to ask ourselves what the world we want to leave with our children .
You have to see the enormous challenges that they are going to deal with .
Do you really believe that we will get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all ?
We ca n't do without government , we need to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology is possible to root the governance of government so that it can expand strengthening civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet , and it knows that it 's not so hard to act , we just have to articulate the systems in the right way .
The age of age of our members is 28 years old , so I do , so I 'm a greater generation than many of them .
This is a generation that has grown up by taking the word , and I 'm giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face over who 's going to talk about ; everybody 's going to talk .
You can express your opinions in any channel at the same time and they do it .
So when they face the problem of government , they do n't care so much to do to hear their voices .
They 're using the hands .
They run the work to program applications that do better work to the government .
And those apps allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It can be cleaning up a fire hydrant , taking out weeds and dumping a bucket of garbage that has a <unk> inside .
Since then , we were always able to have cleaned those fire hydrants and a lot of people doing it .
But these applications are like digital misfortune that we 're not only consumers , not only are consumers of government that we pay taxes and get services .
We are more than that : we are citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until they do n't afford citizenship .
So I want to ask everyone here , when it comes to the important things that we have to do together , all of us , will be a crowd of voices , or will we also be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is to me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and death row .
I 've spent most of my life in <unk> communities , in projects and places where there 's a lot of despair .
And I 'll be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulation has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've noticed in this short time , is that TED has identity .
And the things that are told here has impact all over the world .
Occasionally , if something comes from TED , it makes a sense and a force that would n't have otherwise .
I mean this because I think identity is important .
Here we 've seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if you 're taught with feeling , you can have a special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , <unk> if it 's <unk> , can make a lot more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't actually learn this in the practice of the right , my work .
I learned from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional American family of an African-American American family by a matriarch , which was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , I had power .
It was the last word in all of the discussion in the family .
She initiated many of the <unk> in our home .
She was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia over the 1840s .
She was born over the 1880s , and his experience with slavery was sought the way the world looked like .
She was hard , but it was <unk> .
When I was a little girl and looked at her , she was approaching me and I was a good hug .
I was so hard that I could barely breathe and then dropped me off .
One or two hours later , he came back to her , and he was approaching me , `` Hey , do you still feel my hug ? ''
And if I said no , I hold it again , and he said yes , I let me let me go in peace .
I had this human quality that I would always want to be close to it .
The only problem is that I had 10 children .
My mother was the lowest of 10 .
Occasionally , when I was going to spend a time with her , it was n't easy to catch your time and your attention .
My cousins were running around .
I remember when I was eight , nine years old , I woke up in the room , and there they were running all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me .
At first , I thought it was a game .
Then he looked at her and smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 minutes , she got up , I went up , went through the room , took me off and said , `` Come on <unk> . We 're both going to talk about it . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I 'll never forget it .
It took me out and he said , `` Whoa , I 'll tell you something , but you ca n't tell anybody . ''
I said , `` Okay , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now I 'm going to argue you wo n't . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
Then I sat down , and she said , `` I want you to know I 've been looking at you . ''
And he said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I 'll never forget it .
And then he said to me , `` I just want you to take me three things , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want you to do is we always want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you have to <unk> that you 're always <unk> . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
And then he said , `` The second thing I want you to do is that you 're always going to do the right thing , but the right thing to be . ''
I thought , `` Yes , Mama . So I 'll do it . ''
Then , finally he said , `` The third thing I want you to do is that I never <unk> alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field , in southern rural . I have a brother for a younger year and a sister for a lower year .
When I was 14 , one day my brother came home with a package of six beers , I do n't know where he got it , I grabbed my sister and I went to me and we went to the forest .
We 're just doing the crazy things .
He took a sip of beer , offered my sister , she took a little and offered me .
I said , `` No , no , no , no . You go , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . Today you 're going to fix it , and you 're always doing the same thing as we .
I already took something , your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I would n't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother stares at me .
And he said , `` What happens ? Take a beer . ''
I stepped up with force and she went , `` Oh , not to be you still thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` But what are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama tells all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I was broken .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something I probably should n't say .
I know this was widely spread .
But I 'm 52 years old , and I can admit that I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I 'm not saying this is that it 's an virtue ; I 'm saying that for the power of identity .
When we create the right type of identity , we say things that really do n't look like it .
We ca n't get them to do things that do n't believe to do .
My grandmother , I think , believed that all of his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been a prisoner during the ban .
My uncles died of age-related diseases .
And these were the things that , according to it , we had to engage with them .
Now , I 'm going to try to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is very different from what was 40 years ago .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 prisoners .
There 's 2.3 million .
In the United States we have the largest incarceration rate of the world .
We have seven million people in parole .
And this massive incarceration , in my opinion , has fundamentally changed our world .
In poor and black communities , it 's so much <unk> , so much despair , determined by these facts .
One of every three black men between the 18 and the 30 years is in prison or <unk> .
In the urban <unk> of the entire country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all the young color in prison are in jail or in parole .
Our system is not only distorted in front of race , it 's also about poverty .
In this country , we have a judicial system that makes you much better and guilty , that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , it 's wealth that affects the results .
And it seems that we feel very quiet .
The fear of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not a problem of ours .
We 're unconnected .
I think it 's interesting .
We 're looking at our work , some pretty curious developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , you would get rid of rights forever if you have a criminal conviction .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote .
And if we 're showing it over the next 10 years , the level of loss of rights will be as high as it was before they passed the law of the law to vote .
We have this amazing silence .
I represent children .
Many of my customers are very young .
The United States is the only country in the world where it was sentence for 13 years to die in prison .
We have in this country prison for children , without a chance to get out .
We 're in process of some litigation .
The only country in the world .
I play people on death row .
This issue of death penalty is interesting .
In some sense , have you thought that the final question is , is people deserve to die by the <unk> <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think of another way about how we 're in our identity .
There 's another way to look at it : it 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for <unk> crimes , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
The death penalty in America is defined by error .
Out of nine people , women have identified one who is innocent , which is <unk> and released from death row .
An innocent rate of error -- an innocent one of nine .
This is interesting .
In aviation , it would never have been allowed to fly airplanes , if every nine to take off , you would have been crashing .
But in a way , we 've been cutting away from the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our load .
It 's not our struggle .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classroom with students about African-American history , I 'm talking about slavery .
I talk to you about terrorism , the time it started at the end of the reconstruction , and that lasted until the Second World War .
We do n't really know a lot about this .
But for black Americans in this country , it was a little defined by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
They were worried about being bombarded .
The threat of terror was what its lives defined .
Now there are older people who come to me and tell me , `` Mr. Stevenson , you speaking talks , you speak about the people to stop saying that in our history , we deal with terrorism , after the <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Say we grew up with that . ''
The era of terrorism went on , obviously , with segregation and decades of racial activities and separation .
In this country we have a dynamic because we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And that 's why we have n't understood the meaning of what we 've historically done .
All the time <unk> each other .
We are constantly creating tensions and conflict .
It costs us to talk about races , and I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage us with a truth and reconciliation process .
In South Africa , people understood that they could not overcome race segregation without a compromise with truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany speaking about death penalty .
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stopped after my presentation and said , `` You know it 's good worrying to listen to what you say . ''
<unk> : `` We do n't have death penalty in Germany .
We may never be able to have it here . ''
The room was silent and a lady said , `` There is no way we have our history , we can never get into the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational that we , intentional and deliberately , we put people to run . ''
It 's about this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , would execute people , especially if they were in their own Jews ?
We could n't tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there is this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If we do n't really care about these issues so hard , positive and wonderful things are , though , involved .
We love innovation .
We 're fascinated by technology . We 're fascinated by creativity .
We love the entertainment .
But lately , those realities are <unk> by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my view , it 's necessary to integrate both of these things .
We talk about the need for more hope , more commitment , more dedication to the basic challenges of the life of this complex world .
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor , the <unk> , who never come to TED .
Think about them is , in some ways , something that 's inside of us .
We have to believe in issues we have n't seen .
So we are . Even though it 's so rational , so committed to the intellectual .
In innovation , with creativity . The development comes not just about brain ideas .
These things come from ideas , also , for the convictions of the heart .
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us not just in the bright and dazzling , but also in the dark and the difficult thing .
Embracing Smil , the great leader <unk> , talking about this .
He said , `` When we were in Eastern Europe , suffering all sorts of things , but mainly what we needed was hope , hope for spirit , a will to be in places of despair and being witnesses . ''
Well , that spirit orientation is pretty much in the heart of what I think , even in communities like TED , has to engage with us .
There 's no disconnect with technology and design , which allows us to be truly human if we do n't pay attention to poverty , to exclusion , to exclusion , inequality , to injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity that if we 're ignoring these things .
We go back to them .
I had the great privilege , being a young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women were going to just talk about .
Occasionally , the lady <unk> me , to say , `` <unk> , comes the lady Parks . We 're going to get you to speak .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I said , `` Yes , ma'am . I know . ''
So she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you come from ? ''
I said , `` <unk> . ''
So I was just hearing them .
It was very <unk> , very <unk> .
And on one occasion , I was there , listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Ms. Parks led to me and said , `` Now , let me tell you that this idea of equal justice .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started giving my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We try to help those who have been doomed wrongfully .
We try to confront the biases and discrimination in the criminal justice management .
We try to end the sentences for life , without parole for children .
We try to do something about death penalty .
We try to reduce the population in jails .
We 're trying to end massive <unk> . ''
I gave it all my best speech , and he ended up looking at me and said , `` Hmm , hmm . ''
And he said , `` <unk> exhausted , very exhausted . ''
At that time , Mrs. <unk> , leaned in the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I think actually , the TED community has to be much more stressed .
We need to figure out how to deal with those challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been educated in simple things .
I 've come to understand and believe that every one of us is higher than we 've ever made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if somebody says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if someone takes something that does n't belong , is not that it 's a burglar .
Even if someone kills another one , it 's not a murderer .
So I think there 's a basic dignity in people who should be respected by law .
I also believe that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
That 's not .
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think that although it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very stimulating , very stimulating , we do n't judge us by our technology , for our designs , nor our intellectual or rational capacity .
In the end , you judge the character of a society , not by the way that we treat rich , powerful and privileged , but by the way the poor , the people , the prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we started to understand truly profound issues about what we are .
I 'm sometimes <unk> . I 'm going to end with a story .
Sometimes I do too much force .
They 're getting tired , like everyone .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my audiences .
I 've been representing these guys who have been convicted of <unk> .
I 'm going to jail , and I see my <unk> customers and 14 years old , that they 've been <unk> for them as adults .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge turn somebody into what 's not ?
The judge will become an adult , but I see a child .
One night very late , I was awake thinking -- God , if the judge can become something you 're not , it must have magic powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magic powers .
You should ask some of that .
As I was very late , I could n't think about it , but I started working on a <unk> .
I had a 14-year-old customer , a little , poor , black .
I started working on the <unk> , with a <unk> who said , `` <unk> for my <unk> black client to be treated as a privilege by 75 years , executive of a corporation . ''
In the <unk> , I put that there had been improper conduct in accusation , in the behavior of the police and in the process .
There was a bold line about how this country does n't have ethics , but a whole lack of ethics .
The next morning , I woke up thinking that <unk> <unk> would be a dream , or actually I wrote it ?
For my horror , it was not only <unk> , but I had sent it to court .
It took about two months , I had forgotten .
And I finally decided , `` Oh my God , I have to go to court for this stupid case .
I got into the car , and I felt really overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I went on to court .
I thought this would be very difficult and pitiful .
I finally went down the car . I walked into court .
I was going up the stairs when I found myself with a senior black man ; it was a courthouse .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He replied , `` You 're a lawyer ? '' I said yes .
And so I approached him and they threw me down .
And I whispered into the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was <unk> .
It connected deeply with my inside , with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I went into the room of hearings .
When you go in , the judge saw me .
And he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you wrote this bold <unk> ? ''
I said , `` Be me , '' and we started to argue .
People started coming . They were all mad .
I was the one that had written those crazy things .
They got the police prosecutors , the primate prosecutors .
Suddenly , I did n't know how , the room was full of people . We were all furious because we 're talking about races , because we 're talking about poverty , because we 're talking about poverty .
With the <unk> of the eye , I was going to see when she went and came .
I 'd look out the window and you 'll hear all of that <unk> .
It 's still walking over there and there .
Finally , this old black man , with a face of concern , entered the room and sat behind me , almost at the table of lawyers .
About 10 minutes later , the judge hears a break .
During the break a <unk> assistant , he showed up recently , because he had entered the room .
The assistant <unk> over the old black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the audience room ? ''
And the old black man stood up , looked at the assistant , looked at me and said , `` I went into this audience room to tell this young man who keeps his view in the <unk> . ''
I 've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big , but it folds into justice .
That we ca n't truly be truly human beings if we do n't care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is connected to each other .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity must bind to brotherhood and compassion and justice .
And above all , those of the present people who share this , I just want to tell you that they 're going to keep your view in the target of <unk> .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just hear and see a wish of the audience , of this community , to help in your purposes , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
<unk> : There are several opportunities nearby .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there 's going to be a <unk> of this spring in which you 're going to make a <unk> effort that you spend today on punishment policy .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars on death penalty in the next five years . A billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of cases of homicide did not bother to arrests .
<unk> percent of the rapes get nothing .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to come up with these funds to get the law , to the security .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge decline in crime in the United States , in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation is that it has to do with the highest incarceration rate .
What would you say to you what you think is that ?
<unk> : Actually , the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable .
The vast growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence .
It 's for the wrong war war .
That 's why this dramatic increase in the prison population .
And we let ourselves convince the rhetoric of punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people into life supply -- by stealing a bicycle , by small crimes against ownership , instead of making those resources to their victims .
I think we need to do more to help the victims of <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does n't do anything for anybody .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : So , you know , you 've been excited about here .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you so much for having come to TED . Thank you .
Announcer : They grow the threats for bin Laden 's death .
Announcer : <unk> in Somalia . <unk> 3 : The police throw out O.C . spray .
<unk> four : <unk> ruthless <unk> : <unk> <unk> .
Announcer : <unk> <unk> <unk> : 65 dead .
<unk> 8 : <unk> of tsunami . Announcer : <unk> .
Several <unk> : War <unk> . It 's massive . <unk> .
Later . <unk> . <unk> . Egypt . Syria .
Crisis . Death . <unk> .
Oh , my God !
Peter Diamandis : So these are just some of the clips I got in the past six months , and it could be the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that media media will prefer negative news , because our minds pay attention .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second of our senses , our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process .
And like nothing matters us more than to survive , the first stop of all of that data is an old snippet of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and record all the information for something in the environment that could make harm .
So that 's why a <unk> story is looking at the negative .
That old saying of the press , `` If you have blood , it sells , '' it 's very true .
And since all digital devices give us negative news for the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day , it 's no wonder we 're pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think that the world is going wrong .
But maybe not that .
Maybe , instead , what happens is that we got <unk> .
Perhaps huge progress in the last century is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance over the next three decades .
I 'm not saying that we do n't have our good problems : climate change , the extinction of species , the scarcity of water and energy ; we have no doubt .
As human beings , we are very good at solving the problems , and in the long , we just ended up with them .
Let 's take the last century in the last century to see where we go .
In the last hundred years , the average of life has more than doubled , income per capita income has tripled around the world .
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times .
Moreover , the cost of food , of electricity , transportation and communications , has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time of human history .
And Charles Kenny that global literacy spent about 25 percent more than 80 percent in the last 130 years .
We 're really living an extraordinary time .
A lot of people forget .
And we keep ourselves getting higher expectations .
In fact , we redefined the meaning of poverty .
Think about it today in America , much of the people who live under the line of poverty have electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , television , mobile , air conditioning and cars .
The <unk> <unk> of the last century , the <unk> of the planet , would never have dreamed of such luxury .
It 's a lot of the technology , and lately , its exponential growth .
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that <unk> in information technology was jumps into this curve , Moore 's Law , and doubling the price of price in about 12 to 24 months .
So the cell phone that you have in your pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the 1970s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to look at two things on this curve .
First , the soft , which is -- at good and bad times in war and in peace , recession , in depression , in the rise .
It 's the speed of speed computers used to build faster computers .
It does n't stop at any of the big challenges .
And even though it 's <unk> in a law on the left , it goes up .
The growth rate of technology is itself faster and faster .
And in this curve , from Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The computation in the cloud , which my friends with Autodesk call infinite computing , sensors and networks , robotics , robotics , and its ability to democratize personalized production all over the planet , synthetic biology , fuel and fuel and food and food , digital medicine , spirituality and A.I . .
I mean , how many of you saw the victory on `` Jeopardy '' for Watson , of IBM ?
It was epic .
I looked at the newspapers the best headline there was .
And I loved this : `` Watson <unk> to human opponents . ''
`` Jeopardy '' is not an easy game .
He plays up with the nuances of human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available for everybody on the cell phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We teach them these technologies to our students , and in particular , how can they be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
And every year we asked them to release a company , or a product or service , that can positively affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people .
Thirty years ago , that would have been <unk> absurd .
Today we can point out a <unk> of companies that have already done .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean to create fancy life for every single person on the planet ; it 's about creating a life of what we can .
It 's about taking that is scarce and make it plentiful .
You see , scarcity is contextual , and technology is a force that releases resources .
Let me give you an example .
It 's a tale of Napoleon III in <unk> .
He 's the guy on the left .
I invited the king of <unk> .
The Napoleon 's troops ate in silver , and the same Napoleon , with gold covered .
But the king of <unk> , ate with aluminum covered .
You see , aluminum was the most precious metal on the planet ; it was more than gold and platinum .
That 's why the Washington Year 's tip of aluminum .
You see , although aluminum is 85 percent of the Earth 's mass , it does n't come like pure metal .
It 's tied through oxygen and <unk> .
But then he got the <unk> and made aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was <unk> .
We 're going to make this analogy to the future .
Let 's think about energy scarcity .
Ladies and gentlemen , we 're on a planet that was bathed for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They come to Earth 16 <unk> of energy every 88 minutes .
It 's not about scarcity , it 's affordability .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generated by diesel : earthquake and 17 rupees .
The cost of solar power fell 50 percent last year .
So last month , MIT wrote a study that shows that at the end of the decade , in the U.S. <unk> parts , solar parts will cost six cents an hour compared to the 15 cents in the national average .
And if we have plenty of energy , we also have water abundance .
Let 's talk about the wars for the water .
Remember when Carl Sagan have signed the Voyager spacecraft on the Earth , 1990 , after it happened , Saturn ?
You know a famous picture . What was it called ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water .
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent of water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent is ice , and we fight by 0.5 percent of the water on the planet , but there 's a hope here .
It 's a technology available in 10 years , but right now .
It comes to nanotechnology , along .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning , one of the innovators in the <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , it gave me permission to do this -- his technology called <unk> <unk> , which is the size of a small fridge .
It 's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water by the day of any source of salt , polluted water , a <unk> at less than two cents a gallon .
The president of Coca-Cola has just thought that I will make a big test for hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes out well , and I have full confidence in which it will be , Coca-Cola to implement it in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is an <unk> innovation by this technology that is today .
And we 've seen it on mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to 70 percent penetration in the developing world for the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that tectonic warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya that President Reagan 25 years ago .
And , from having a smartphone with Google , it has access to more knowledge and information that President Clinton about 15 years ago .
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communication that nobody could have predicted .
Better than that , the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- <unk> , HD video , images , libraries of books and music , diagnostic technology , <unk> now and lose market value with mobile phones .
Maybe the best thing comes to when you show health applications .
Last month , I had the pleasure of announce with the <unk> Foundation called the X <unk> <unk> <unk> .
We 're challenging the teams in the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device with the one that they speak , and because it has A.I . , you can coughing , you can extract blood from your finger .
To win you have to make better diagnoses than a certified medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors , where the burden of morbidity is 25 percent , and there are 1.3 percent of healthcare workers .
When this device , you know , a RNA virus or DNA that does n't recognize , call the <unk> and , first , to prevent the pandemic happening .
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance .
I call it the billion dollars .
The white lines here are the population .
We 've just spent the brand of the seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against population explosion is to provide the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , we 'll spend two billion to five billion users of the Internet .
Three billion minds have never been heard about the global conversation .
What would these people want ?
What do you expect ? What should you have ?
And instead of economic collapse , we will have the biggest economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of trillions of dollars in the global economy .
And more health is thanks to <unk> , of a better education with the Khan Academy , and because of the use of prints in 3D Academy and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before .
What can we bring us 3,000 billion members of humanity , healthy educated and productive ?
How about voices never ever heard ?
What if we give the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time ?
What do these three billion ?
What if they are contributions that we ca n't predict ?
One thing that I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment , guided by their passion with a clear goal , can do extraordinary things -- things that were only able to do the big corporations and the governments .
I 'm going to end up sharing a story that really excited me .
There 's a program that maybe some of you already know .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at the University of Washington , in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein .
The folds determine the structure and the functionality .
It 's a very important thing about medical research .
And so far , it was an <unk> problem .
They 've played with this college professors , among others .
Then hundreds of thousands of people came together and started to play it .
And it has been shown that today the machinery of recognition for human patterns is better folding proteins than the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me enormous trust in the future is that we have more power to take the major challenges of the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the passion of <unk> .
We have the <unk> capital .
And we have three billion new minds that we 're going to do to work on the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do .
We have in front of some extraordinary decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
It 's the <unk> point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , I 'll give you three examples to do time .
The first story is Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , in 1835 .
Maybe they believed that she was going to finches , but it did n't .
They actually pick up fish .
And he described one of them as a very `` common . ''
It was grouper .
He caught it a lot up to the 1880 .
Now the fish is at the Red List of the IUCN .
But we 've heard this story many times , over Galapagos and other places , so that has nothing special about it .
But the case is that we still come to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
The brochures still say they 're still intact .
So what happens here ?
Second story , also illustrates another concept : displacement from the waist .
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought it could be <unk> .
I was very burned in the sun , and I was convinced that I was n't there .
This is my first exposure to the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palms , and , as you can see , of some mangroves .
He had <unk> out of about 20 centimeters , the tilapia of black beard .
And the fishing of this tilapia was very abundant , and it was happening for a good moment , so he was getting more than half in Ghana .
When I went there 27 years later , the amount of fish had dropped in half .
It 's about five centimeters .
You 've got genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
That 's , nothing to change , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of the backdrop in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s , well , it started in <unk> Europe made a lot of development projects .
<unk> development was imposing the countries that already have 100,000 fishermen , including industrial fishing .
And this little boat , pretty ugly , was called four .
I went out to fish in the South Side of the China Sea <unk> and , mostly in the Java Sea .
What we had there captured was something <unk> .
<unk> , now , the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges , other animals that are at the bottom .
And most of the fish are tiny blobs on the remains , remains that are coral reef fish .
In short , the bottom of the sea came to the deck , and then it was launched .
These images are extraordinary , because the transition is very fast .
In one year , you do a study , and then the commercial fishing starts .
The background is going on to be a solid coral fund , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead turtle .
They did n't eat them . You missed them because they were dead .
We once captured a living .
I was n't yet <unk> .
So they wanted to kill her because it was a good food .
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen collect every time they go to an area where they have never fish .
But it 's not documented .
We turn the world , but we do n't remember it .
It <unk> the starting point , the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you do this , it happens something like this .
On the Y-axis , we have good things : biodiversity , number of killer whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things naturally .
Every generation will use the images , I received the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extrapolate forward .
The difference is that they perceive loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can look at the sample of changes .
And at the end to keep some miserable remains .
And that , largely , is what we want to do now .
We want to keep things that are no longer , or they 're not what they were .
But you should think that this problem affects people when societies are going to kill animals without knowing what they 've done to a few generations later .
Because , obviously , an animal that is very abundant , before extinct , it 's rare .
You do n't lose <unk> animals .
You lose rare animals .
Even if this is n't perceived as a great loss .
Over time , we focus on big animals , and in a synonymous sea of big fish .
They become rare because we take them .
Over time there are a few fish , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , we do n't know that it was different .
In fact , a lot of people , scientists , argue that it was very different .
And they will do it because evidence presented in a earlier way that they would expect to have the evidence .
For example , the anecdote that some of them are present , like a captain , and maybe looked at a lot of fish in this area ca n't be used or usually using the fishing scientists , because it 's not `` scientist . ''
So we have a situation where people do n't know the past , even though we lived in <unk> societies , because they do n't rely on the sources of the past .
Hence the enormous paper that you can fulfill an protected marine zone .
Because with marine marine areas , we really visualize the past .
They 're going to look at the past that people can not conceive of , because the starting point has been run , and it 's extremely low .
That 's for people who can see an protected marine zone and can benefit from the vision that provides them , which allows them to erase their starting point .
And what about the people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , like the people in the West , for example ?
I think there arts and cinema can probably fill the vacuum . The simulation .
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay .
A long time ago there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay ; 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed that the nuances and <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think about `` Avatar , '' if you think about why people were moved with the film -- I 'm going to talk about the story of <unk> , why would we deal with the images ?
Because it raises something that , in a sense , has been lost .
So my recommendation , the only one to give , is Cameron , to do `` Avatar II . ''
Thank you very much .
Hi . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube trends on YouTube , and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way .
It 's true .
So today we 'll see why the videos are made of viral and what importance it has .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , singers , comedians -- when I was younger , that seemed very , very difficult .
But today , the video is making any of us , or our actions , copper in a part of our global culture .
Anybody can get famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
You go up over 48 hours of video to YouTube for minute .
And , of those , only a small percentage gets viral gets viral , gets lots of hits and wins cultural <unk> .
How does that happen ?
Three things : creators , communities of participation and surprise .
Well , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh my God , my God .
My God !
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this video shot outside his house in Yosemite National Park .
In 2010 , it was 23 million times .
This graph shows the satellites in the popularity of popularity last summer .
It was n't a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you do if you call the Yosemite Mountain <unk> .
I had already published many videos of nature .
This video had been published in January .
So what happened here ?
He was Jimmy <unk> .
Jimmy Kimmel published this tweet that <unk> the video to popularity .
The creators of trends like Jimmy refused to show us new and interesting things and <unk> them to a wider public .
Rebecca Black : It 's Friday , on Friday . You have to start on Friday . Everybody wants you to get the weekend , the weekend . <unk> , Friday . They started on Friday . KA : You wo n't think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> '' of Rebecca Black is one of the most popular videos of the year .
You saw it almost 200 million times this year .
This graph shows the frequency of use .
Like , `` rainbow twice , '' this video seemed to have come out of nowhere .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask those other peaks , they 're also Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular Friday ?
Well , I took it out and a lot of blogs started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson , from <unk> Science , was one of the first people to make a joke about the video on Twitter .
But the important thing is that a person or a group of <unk> trends embrace a point of view and share it with a broader public , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this great inner joke then starts to talk about that and do things .
And now there are 10,000 <unk> <unk> on YouTube .
Just in the first seven days , there was a parody for each other days .
Unlike the logical entertainment of the 20th century , this community engagement is our way to be part of the <unk> phenomenon or doing something new with that .
`` <unk> Cat '' is an invisible animation with a chord music .
That 's what it is .
This year you saw it about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a <unk> version that 's seen four million times .
Even the cats saw this video .
And there 's cats that saw other cats seeing the video .
But the important thing here is the creativity that woke up between the Internet Internet community .
There was <unk> .
Somebody made an old version of the old one .
And then they got international .
And all of a sudden , it came up a whole community of remix that made this happen to be a silly joke to something that we all can be in part .
Because today we 're not just enjoying it , participate .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who could have predicted `` <unk> '' or Rebecca Black or `` Cat Cat . ''
What does the script have been written to you that would make this situation ?
In a world where two days of video come up for minute , just that truly unique and unexpected can make up the way that these things have done .
When a friend told me that I had to see this big video of a guy that protest against cyclists in New York , I 'll admit I did n't get interested in too much .
Casey <unk> : I got a ticket for not circular by <unk> , but there are often obstacles that keep you circular against the <unk> .
KA : Thank you as a surprise , and his humor , Casey <unk> had made five million you see , and understand their idea .
So this approach is worth the whole thing that we do in a creative way .
And all of this leads to a big question ...
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
<unk> , creative communities of participation , the absolutely unexpected , are features of a new kind of media , a new culture , which we all have access to , and is the audience that defines the popularity .
As I said before , one of the current celebrities of the world , Justin Bieber , started on YouTube .
You 're not asked to express your ideas .
Now we 're all a little owners of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of old media , it 's just the current media , but they 're going to do the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle which is still assembling .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a lifetime .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unit and freedom of his country .
Imagine as the communist labs come in <unk> , facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain .
The words , for so much time friends , they were doing it .
They 're quiet in silence .
She died broken through the story .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother would never let me forget his story .
My task was not to let that have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to <unk> it , but it was <unk> .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at the dawn of dawn to sea .
My mother , <unk> , was only 18 years old when his father died , and a <unk> marriage and two small girls .
For her , life was destined to work at a job : the escape of his family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that I could n't make it .
And after a <unk> <unk> that defies fiction , a boat was slid into the sea of fishing ship .
All the adults knew the risks .
The biggest fear was pirates , rape and death .
Like most adults , my mother was wearing a little tiny little bit with poison .
If we could catch us , first we took it my sister and I , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are from that boat , the constant pace of the engine , the bow diving into every wave , and the vast and vacuum horizon .
I do n't remember the pirates who came several times , but they were fooled by the men 's bravery on our boat , or the engine dying and not being able to start by six hours .
But I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia , and to the young man who collapsed and died , end the journey was too much for him , and the first apple I tried , given by the men 's platform .
No apple had the same taste .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women across three generations , giving a new way to new people .
We set up in <unk> , a suburb of working class whose population is made of immigrants .
Unlike the middle-class suburbs , whose existence I did n't know , in <unk> , there was no sense of the right .
The smells that came from the stores were the rest of the world .
And the <unk> of the English fragments were being traded between the people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked on farms , then on a car assembly line , working six days , twice as change .
Yet I found time to study English and get a title in IT .
We were poor .
All the dollars were assigned , and they signed an extra mentoring in English and mathematics , did n't matter what you should take off , which was generally new clothes ; it was always a second hand .
Two pairs of middle school , one to hide the holes in the other .
A school uniform up to the ankles , because it had to last six years .
And there was weird <unk> and <unk> over the <unk> eyes and some graffiti : `` Asians , go home . ''
A home , where ?
Something in me is <unk> .
I was accumulating determination and a voice saying , `` I 'm going to <unk> . ''
My mother , my sister and I put myself in the bed .
My mother was visiting every night , but we had told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother 's movements at home .
My mother suffers from nightmares , all of the boat .
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to be able to make it .
She opened a computer store , and then I studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And women would come with their stories about men who could n't make the transition , angry and <unk> , and kids are trapped between two worlds .
They looked for subsidies and sponsors .
And they created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , it was the classic Asian student , relentless with what <unk> of myself .
On the other one , I was disillusioned in poor , tragically <unk> of violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But many of them received help over the years .
And for that work , when I was studying my last year , I was elected the Australian Australian Australian .
And I was <unk> from one piece of the puzzle to the other , but its edges did n't fit .
As I was , she was <unk> anonymous , it was now as well , refugee and social activist , invited to talk about sites that I had never heard of , and in homes whose existence would never have imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use the covered .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retreat to routines and comfort of life in a suburb <unk> -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters end up the day as they did for almost 20 years , <unk> on the day of each and leaving <unk> , the three in the same bed .
And I told my mom I could n't do it .
It reminded me that I had the same age as she had when you get the boat up .
He was not a choice .
`` Do it , '' he said , `` You 're not what those are not . ''
So I talked about youth and education and <unk> to the marginalized and the caregivers .
And the more I talked about , the more I was talking about , the more I had to talk about .
I met people from all the paths of life , many of them doing what they loved , living on the border of possible .
And even though I finished my degree , I realized I could n't stay in a career of lawyering .
There had to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be a stranger , a newly new one in the scene -- and not just that it 's okay , but it 's something that being grateful for , perhaps a gift of the ship .
Because being inside it can easily mean <unk> the horizons can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province .
I gave them enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that , yes , the world breaks down , but not the way we fear .
<unk> that would n't have been <unk> were tremendously .
There was an energy there , relentless optimism , a rare mix of humility and bravery .
So I kept on my intuition .
It was a little group of people who the slogan of `` You ca n't be done '' was a compelling challenge .
For one year we had no penny .
At the end of every day , I made a giant soup pot that we all shared .
They 're going to go down to the night at night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant ones , and we open up .
I made the decision to move to the U.S .
And after a single journey .
My hunch again .
Three months later , I had moved , and the adventure continued .
Before I finish , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up at a time where the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person who cared .
Life had n't changed for centuries .
His father died shortly after she was born .
The mother was raised alone .
At 17 , he became a <unk> whose mother beat her .
Without your husband 's support , he caused an awakening to the <unk> and bring the cause , and much more <unk> when he won .
It ca n't prove it wrong .
I was in the shower in a Sydney hotel in Sydney when she died , 1,000 miles in Melbourne .
I looked through the <unk> of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side .
I knew he had come to let go .
My mother called a few minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> , and we sat around her coffin .
We tell stories and we made sure we were still with it .
At night , a monk came to us and told us that he had to close the coffin .
My mother asked us to raise her hand .
I asked the monk , `` Why is his hand hot , and the rest of the body is so cold ? ''
`` Because you 've taken his hand since the morning , '' he said .
`` You do n't get them . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Since we were and how life shaped us , we can now see that the men who would have come to our lives would be frustrated .
The defeat would have very easily <unk> .
Now I want to have my own kids , and I ask myself about the boat .
Who might want to do that for me ?
However , I fear the privilege of the easy , the right .
Can I give you a bow in your life , a courageous one in every wave , the <unk> rate of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it and see them safe , I would do it .
<unk> <unk> , and also the mother 's mother today , in the fourth or fifth row .
My story starts in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the sky star skies , with the Sufi Sufi singer .
We were having a conversation about how nothing has changed since the old Indian epic epic .
In those days , when the Indians wanted to travel to a car , and they put out the sky .
Now we do it with airplanes .
At that time when <unk> , the great Indian warrior warrior , he had thirst , he pulled an arc and <unk> on the ground , got water .
Now we do the same with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion that we took was that the machinery had replaced the magic .
And that was a great deal of me .
Every time I felt a little bit more <unk> .
I was reminded of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciating a sunset if I could n't afford my friends .
It seemed to me that technology had to enable magic , not kill her .
I was given my grandfather , my grandfather gave me his silver lining .
And this piece technology piece was for my most magical thing .
It became a golden door to a world full of images , of pirates and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the feeling that mobile phones , luxury clocks and cameras prevent us .
Let 's get our inspiration .
So I launched myself , I came up to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic , rather than kill her .
I 've got books from the age of 16 .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a device of storytelling able to connect the readers of the whole world .
You can know how we took the book .
Where we are .
Put the text together with the image , the animation , the sound and the touch .
The storytelling becomes increasingly <unk> .
But what is it for us ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive application for iPad .
It says , `` puts your fingers on every light . ''
And so he says , `` This box belongs to -- I write my name .
And so I get a character from the book .
So at several moments , I get a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live on GPS -- that comes led to me .
My inner child is excited with all of these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot about magic .
And I do n't mean magicians and dragons , but to that childhood magic , those ideas that <unk> from children .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar were always very exciting .
So here , we have to tilt the iPad to release fireflies .
And really , they light your way into what 's subtraction of the book .
Another idea that I was fascinated by as a little girl was that a whole galaxy in a <unk> .
So here , every book and every world turns into a <unk> that I drag towards this magic device , inside the device .
And this opens up a map .
In every fantasy book , there 's always been maps , but it has been static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide you over the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book it also reveals .
Now I 'm going to go in .
Another incredibly important aspect for me is to create Indian content and in contemporary time .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard of <unk> and <unk> , but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts , the <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped at Indra cameras for millennia , in an old and wet book .
So we 're bringing them back into contemporary child history .
And in a story that 's about today 's issues like the environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems in the last 10 years has been locked up , attached to their PCs , have n't come into the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can pull our kids into the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside , take the camera or iPad , and collect images of different natural objects .
As a child , I had a lot of collections : sticks , rocks , pebbles and shells .
For some reason , kids do n't do it .
So to regain this childhood ritual , you have to go out and , in a chapter , you 'll take a picture to a flower and then <unk> .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex , and then , tagging up .
So you create a digital collection of photos that you can then put on the Web .
A child in London puts a picture of a fox , and he says , `` Oh , today I saw a fox . ''
A child in India says , `` Today I saw a monkey . ''
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that you 've been taking .
Inside the variants of connection between magic , Earth and technology is a lot of possibilities .
In the next book , we have to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad , and the video goes on and through augmented reality see a group of cartoons that appear on the inner plants of the house .
At a moment the screen is full of leaves .
And you have to make the sound of the wind and try to be able to read the rest of the book .
We go to a world where the forces of nature are <unk> with technology and magic and technology is one another .
It 's the energy of the sun .
We 're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world , and to the magic , joy and child love that we sit through a simple story .
Thank you .
So I 'd like to talk to you about why many of these <unk> projects fail .
And I think , really , that the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at <unk> University was <unk> to a director of listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little coffee cup or you , and I asked patients , family and known , what happens ?
`` How can we help them ?
And we tend to think , that this is one of the biggest problems that everyone , or perhaps not all , but most of the projects of the <unk> projects , because we stop listening .
This is my Wi-Fi scaling . It 's a very simple thing .
He 's got a doorknob and off .
Every morning I get up .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , every time I connect me , it sends my information to Google Health .
And my <unk> doctor has access to him as well . So , he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time that I need to help care assistance or some urgency of that style , but to see it backwards .
But there 's something else .
Like some of you know , I have more than 4,000 Twitter followers .
So every morning I connect to my Wi-Fi scaling , and before I go up to my car , people start to talk to me : <unk> , today I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's pressure pressure used to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also for patients stop smoking .
On the other hand , it can be <unk> to move people out of their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health .
From the next week being available .
This little bit of <unk> connected to an iPhone or another device .
And people are going to be able to , from their houses , take their blood pressure , give them to their doctor , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients assume a position , they get back to recover , and to be captains of their own boat ; but we can also help care of health care from the challenges that we face , like the firing rate of attention care , the doubling of demand and other issues .
<unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team .
And they can do it with techniques like this , but also through crowdsourcing .
And one of the things we did want to share with you with a video .
We all have shipping checks in cars .
Maybe even we have them in our cell phones .
We know exactly where ATMs are in <unk> .
Also , where all the <unk> are .
And of course , we can find fast food chains .
But where is the closest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
Nobody knew where to get the <unk> lives right now .
What we did was make crowdsourcing in the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the audience that : If you look at a <unk> , please let me go , you know , where , when it 's open , because it 's open , because sometimes they open up in schedules and others are closed .
And more than 10,000 <unk> were introduced in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the app for that .
And we made an app for the iPad .
We created an application for <unk> , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time you 're in the city of <unk> and someone collapses , you can use your iPhone , and the next few weeks , you can use their iPhone from Microsoft to find the nearest <unk> , which can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to introduce this one , not just as <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but as well as <unk> .
And we wish <unk> globally .
We 're looking at all of the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , work and act like a hub for development in the world .
Every time you 're on vacation and someone <unk> , it can be a relative or somebody in front of you , you can find it .
And I would also want to invite companies around the world that could help us attain these <unk> .
They could be <unk> services or telephone services , for example , to see if the <unk> that is shown is still in place .
Please help us in this and not just improve health , but take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share photography .
Or is photography ?
Because of course , they 're photographs that they ca n't take with their cameras .
My interest in photography woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years .
I mixed with my earlier passion , but it was a little bit different because by using the camera , the process was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends up when the trigger trigger .
For me the photograph I had more than to do with being in the right place at the right time .
It seemed like anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that would start by press the trigger .
Some like this : a construction on a very <unk> road .
But it has an unexpected turn .
And despite that , it keeps a level of realism .
Or pictures like these , dark and colorful , but with the common goal of keeping the realism level .
And when I say realism <unk> .
Because of course , it 's not something I can do with it , but I always want it to seem to have been captured in some way as photography .
Whereas in which you have to think about a moment to figure out the trick .
It has more to do with capturing an idea that with capturing a moment .
But what 's the trick that makes them seem real ?
Is the details or the colors ?
Raise the light ?
What does illusion create ?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective .
But ultimately , it 's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive it on a two-dimensional surface .
It 's actually not about whether it 's realistic but what we think is realistic .
So I think that the foundations are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of reality in which we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
Here 's three <unk> objects that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , as if it existed .
But at the same time , we know it does n't exist .
So we invite the brain because the brain does n't accept the fact that that really does n't make sense .
And I see the same process by combining the photographs .
It 's really to combine different realities .
And the things that make a realistic picture I think are those in which we do n't even think about , the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But by combining pictures , it 's very important to consider it , because otherwise something looks wrong .
So I 'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective .
Second , the photos combined must have the same kind of light .
And these two images are going to get these requirements ; they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light .
The third point is to be able to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect union .
It has to be impossible to see where the image is made .
This is another example .
You might think that this is the image of a landscape , and the bottom is manipulated .
But this picture is totally composed of photographs of different places .
I think , personally , I think it 's easier to create a place to find it , because you do n't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head .
But it requires a lot of planning .
And as I thought of this idea in winter , I knew I had several months to try and find the different locations for the puzzle pieces .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing trip .
The shores is a different location .
The <unk> part was captured in a stone pump .
And yes , I even made a red one , the house of the top of the island , so that it looks more whimsical .
So to make a realistic outcome , I think we need planning .
It 's always starting with a sketch , an idea .
Then you have to combine the different photographs .
And here every piece is very well meant for .
If you do a good job when you take the pictures , the outcome can be very beautiful and very realistic .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'm going to start showing you a slide on technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it ...
It 's a diagram that I took from a portfolio of mine .
I 'm not really interested in showing you the details , but the general aspect .
This is a analysis that we were doing about the power of <unk> microprocessors versus the power of local area networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this , as many other we tend to see , is sort of a straight line on a logarithmic scale .
In other words , every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale .
I 'm going to talk about technology with curves <unk> is a new thing .
Here 's something odd .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please turn on the lights .
<unk> more intensity , because writing about paper .
Why do we plot technology curves on <unk> scales ?
The answer is that if I draw them on a normal curve where , say , these are the years , or some unit of time , and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to chart , the diagram would see something ridiculous .
That would be something like that .
It does n't say a lot .
But if you plot , for example , some other technology , like transportation , on a <unk> curve , it would be very dumb , would see a straight line .
But if something like this is a qualitative change .
If the transportation of transport advances as fast as microprocessors , past tomorrow we could take a cab and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it 's not moving at that rate .
There 's no precedent in the history of technological development of growth that every few years will advance orders of magnitude .
The question I want to argue is -- looking at these exponential curves , we see they do n't follow forever .
It 's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes .
Let 's get one of two things .
Or you 're going to become a typical curve , and it comes up until something completely different , or maybe it will do something like that .
That 's all that can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe that 's going to happen .
So , now we would be in the middle of a transition .
In this line , we 're in a transition from what used to be the world , a new way .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and ask myself , is , what is that new way that takes the world ?
So what new state is going ?
The transition looks very , very , very confused if we 're immersed in it .
I remember as a child in the year 2000 , and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see the future remains the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think it 's because we have to feel something is happening .
We can feel it .
And we know that it does n't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years , because it 's all going to be so different than extrapolate that we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how it might be , how it might be that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have a lot to do with technology and computer technology .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at things in the long term .
The time scale in which I 'd like to do it is the time of life on Earth .
I think this image makes sense if we look at every billion years .
So , we 're going back about two billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with a lot of chemicals that we 're looking around .
If you look at the way those chemicals organized , we give us an idea of how things happened .
And I think there are theories to begin to understand the origin of RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and that is that , at that time , I had been floating around with all these kinds of chemicals inside the inside .
Some of those drops of oil held a particular combination of chemicals that made them bring materials from the outside , and the blobs grew up .
And they started to divide .
In a sense , those were the most primitive cell forms -- those little oil droplet .
But those blobs were n't alive , in the current sense , because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals .
And every time you split an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they contain .
So every drop was a little bit different .
In fact , beads that somehow became better than the time to bring all the chemicals around them ; they grew more chemicals and they 're split more .
Mostly they lived longer , they were represented .
It was a form of life , chemical life , very simple , but things are interesting to be interesting when these blobs learned the trick of abstraction .
In some ways that we do n't really understand these guys , they learned how to store information .
They learned to keep information , which was the recipe for the cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , <unk> in this meaningless evolution , a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to replicate .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since a half billion years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , have exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things that I made just for fun -- now we can write things with this code .
Here I have 100 <unk> of white dust that try to hide the local airport people .
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data into this piece of DNA and <unk> 10 to 22 times .
So if anyone wants to want 100 million copies of my personal card , I have many for everyone here ; in fact , for every single person in the world , and it 's here .
If it was a <unk> , I would have put it in a virus , and there would have spread it through the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing the DNA was an interesting step .
This made these cells happy with a billion years .
But then another big step happened in which things were very different , and it was that these cells started exchanging and communicating information forming like this cells of cells .
I do n't know if you know it , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , we evolved antibiotic resistance .
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin and <unk> them to create their small DNA with other bacteria , and now there are lots of resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate .
This communication gave rise to communities that , in a certain way , were put together in that ; and a synergy .
That way they lived or failed together , or that if a community was very successful all individuals in that community , they would say more and they were <unk> by evolution .
And the turning point occurred when these communities came to the same so much that , in fact , they came together and decided to write the recipe out of the board community in a chain of DNA .
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years .
And at that stage we have multicellular communities , communities of many different types of cells working together as one organism .
In fact , we are a multi-cellular community .
We have a lot of cells that do n't act alone .
The skin cell does n't serve without the heart , or the muscles , or the brain , and so on .
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than cell phone , something we call an organism .
The next level happened within these communities .
These are started <unk> information .
And to build very special structures that they did n't do more than processing information in community .
They 're the neural structures .
neurons are the devices that process the information that those individual communities built .
In fact , they began to specialize within the community being the responsible structures to record , understand and transmit information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , not the period of evolutionary time .
So , one organism could , for example , learn to not eat some fruit because he knew bad and fell sick the last time she ate it .
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that by evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit .
So the fact that the nervous system built these accelerated information structures enormously an enormous process of evolutionary process .
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual .
It could happen in necessary time to learn .
But then of course , the individuals discovered the communication trick .
So , for example , the more refined version we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an amazing invention .
I have a very complicated idea , a vague idea , in your head .
I 'm here sitting here sitting around the <unk> and hopefully building a similar idea , vague and confused , in your head that holds some analogy to mine .
But we took something very complicated to make it sound , in sound sequences , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That now allows us to start working as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've begun to form abstractions .
Now we spent through periods similar to multicellular organisms ; we 're going to reinvent our methods methods , presentation and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a little step in that direction .
telephony , computer tape , video tape , etc . are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information .
And that brings us into something much bigger , faster and capable of evolve than we did before .
Now evolution can happen in microseconds .
You saw the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> in which it produced some evolution with the <unk> program in front of our eyes .
And now we 've accelerated time scales again .
The first stages of history that I told you about half billion years every one .
The next stages , the nervous system , took a few hundred million years .
The next , language , etc. , took less than a million years .
And the next , like the electronics , it seems to take a few decades .
The process is eating up ; I guess it 's the right word to name something that speeds its own pace of change .
The more you change it , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we see in this explosion of the curve .
We see that the process is fed up .
But I make my life design computers , and I know that the working mechanisms that are working in order would n't be possible without the recent computer advances .
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way .
I do n't know that every transistor in that connections machine .
There are billions .
Instead , with <unk> designers , we thought about a level of abstraction , put it in machine and machine that does something that does something that you could n't , it gets far further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes you use methods that we do n't even understand yet .
A particularly interesting method that I 've been using lately is evolution itself .
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process operating on the scale of microseconds .
And for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve from a random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please computer , can you run a hundred million sequences of random instructions ?
Could you run these sequences of random instructions , to run all those programs , and take all those programs that we 're going to get into what we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let 's say I want to order numbers , to put a simple example .
So , we found the programs that are closer to the numbers .
Of course , it 's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them achieved .
But one , fortunately , he could find two numbers in the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that did the task ?
They 're looking at those and they 're going to take the rest of them .
And now I 'm going to show you the best of the numbers .
And let 's go back to <unk> , following a process of threatening to sex .
Let 's take two programs , that <unk> children , that <unk> <unk> , and that the children would make the properties of both software .
So we managed to get a new generation of software programs that had a little more successful .
And we say , `` Please do the process . ''
Let 's go back .
It took some mutations .
And it tries to try again , and it 's going to come up with another generation .
Well , each generation takes a few milliseconds .
So , I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated cases , in a few hours .
In the end , we end up with these programs that are absolutely perfect .
In fact , they are much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs , I ca n't tell you how they work .
I 've tried to analyze it to see how they work .
These are dark shows , strangers .
But they 're doing it .
In fact , I know , I have the safety of the goal , because they come from a hundreds of thousands of programs that did it .
In fact , their lives depended on that .
I was one time in a 747 with herders and he picks up a card and he says , `` Look at this .
He says , `` This plane has hundreds of thousands of <unk> working together to offer safe flight . '' Do n't make you quiet ?
We know that engineering processes do n't work very well when they get complicated .
So we started to depend on computers to make different design processes .
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than normal engineering .
Yet we do n't understand all the choices that there is .
In that sense , it goes in front of us .
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster , so they can run these programs much faster .
That 's it feeds up .
The thing goes faster and faster , and so I think it seems so confused .
Because all of these technologies are fed up .
We 're taking off .
And we 're at an analog time to the cell organisms when they got multicellular .
We are the amoebas and we ca n't understand what the hell we 're creating .
We 're at the tipping point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the end product of evolution .
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is .
But now comes the lunch , and I think stop here before I 'm going to get me .
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that needs to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I 've scratched enough time for letting me give me a part of my fake prestige .
Before I treat the theme of my talk , let 's talk a little baseball .
Why not ?
We 're close to the end of the World Series .
We love baseball , right ?
<unk> is full of amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's going to be `` <unk> the rules '' ; it talks about statistics and to use them to form a great baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them , and I hope for many of you .
It 's called <unk> .
And we talked about 300 , from a <unk> that <unk> 300 .
That means the bat <unk> effectively , three of 10 times .
That means throwing the ball to the game of the game without being caught up , and that anyone who tries to throw it into the first base , does n't get to time , and the second base will be saved .
Three dozen attempts .
You know , what do you call a <unk> <unk> in <unk> ?
Well , really good , maybe the team of the stars .
You know what they call a baseball <unk> ?
By the way , that 's somebody from 10 taps , hit four .
<unk> -- like legendary Ted Williams , the last player in the League Kenyan League of <unk> , to run more 400 hits in a regular season .
Now I 'm going to show this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less uncomfortable , after what I 'll tell you today .
Suppose you have appendicitis , and they 're derivatives of a surgeon who has also a record of 400 in <unk> .
It does n't work , right ?
Now suppose you live in a remote place and a loved one has two clogged coronary arteries , and his family doctor drift into a cardiologist whose record in <unk> is 200 .
But , you know something ?
She 's getting a lot better .
And their hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'll ask you .
What do you think about the average of a cardiac surgeon or prosthetic surgeon , a nurse or a <unk> <unk> ?
One , very well .
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in the entire medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , a doctor or a medical care .
What we do , though , is to send them to the world , and I get myself , with the mandate to be perfect .
Which never , ever , make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well .
That was the message that I 'm going to be when I was in medical school .
I was a obsessional obsessional student .
Once , a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman Sachs said to a blood test .
That 's what .
<unk> in my little <unk> , in the nursing residence of the General 's Hospital , not far from here .
And I learned everything from memory .
From my kind of anatomy , I memorized origins and muscle work , branching from every artery that comes out of yours , differential differential diagnosis and not usual .
And I even knew differential diagnosis about how to classify kidney <unk> .
And as much more and more knowledge .
And I was going very well ; I graduated with honor .
And <unk> from the school school with the impression that if you 're going to get everything , then it would know everything , or most possible , close to everything , because that 's what I 'm going to do with the mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met the lady <unk> .
I was a resident resident at a college hospital here in Toronto , when they brought the lady back to the emergency service where I worked .
At that time , I was assigned to cardiology in cardiology .
And when the emergency room requested a cardiologist , I was going to attend to that patient .
And to inform the chief of residents .
When I saw the lady , she was very excited .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which sent me a <unk> heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working , and instead of pump the blood forward , blood goes to the lungs , they go to the lungs , and that 's why it 's hard to breathe .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did it , and I started working on the treatment that would give you .
I gave aspirin and medication to relieve pressure on his heart .
I gave them <unk> , water pills , so that it could eliminate liquid .
And in an hour or two , she started feeling better .
And I felt pretty good .
And it was when I made the first mistake , he sent her home .
I actually made two mistakes more .
He sent her home without talking to the head of residents .
I did n't get the phone , I did n't do what I should have done , he was calling my boss , and he <unk> him to see her .
And if my boss would have seen it , it would have been able to bring some action whatsoever .
Maybe I did it for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident <unk> .
Maybe I wanted to be as successful and capable of taking responsibility , which could take care of my patients without even touching my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
When I send it to his house , I did n't pay attention to a voice in my inside that said , `` Sachs , it 's not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so insecure that I was being asked to the nurse who was taking care of the lady , `` Do you think it 's okay if you go home ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said full <unk> , `` Yes , I think I 'm okay . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So , he signed high , and the ambulance next to the ambulance next to their house .
And I went back to the hospital room .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad deal in the stomach .
But I kept on my work .
At the end of the day , I packed to leave the hospital and walked to the parking lot where my car was going to go home . I did something I do n't normally do .
It went through the emergency room on the road service .
And there 's another nurse , not who was taking care of the lady before , but another one . He told me three words , those three words that most emergency doctors fear .
Other specialists who fear them also , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and it 's that we see the <unk> patients .
The three words are : Do you remember you ?
Do you remember the patient who sent his home ? ''
I asked the other nurse .
`` Well , she came back , '' with the same voice of voice .
She was fine .
But I went back and on the edge of death .
After an hour he came to his house , after I gave them the high , he suffered a collapse and his family called 911 , and the ambulance ambulance brought up to the emergency room with a <unk> blood pressure from <unk> , which means a severe shock .
I 'm just breathing , and it was blue .
<unk> personnel would go through all their resources .
They gave medication to raise your blood pressure .
And they put an artificial ventilator .
I was shocked and <unk> to the spinal cord .
He had a mixture of feelings because after <unk> was in intensive care , and waiting for all of the hope he would recover .
And in the two to three days , it was clear that they never <unk> .
He had permanent brain damage .
The family got together together .
And in eight or nine days , they 'd become what was happening .
And at ninth day , he left her going . The lady <unk> , wife , mother and grandmother .
They say they never forget the names that they die .
That was my first experience .
The next few weeks , I got rid of it and experienced for the first time the unhealthy embarrassment that exists in our medical culture , and I felt alone , isolated , without feeling that healthy shame , because you ca n't engage with your colleagues .
You make peace and never make that mistake again .
It 's that shame that leaves a teaching .
The unhealthy embarrassment of the one I 'm talking about is that it makes us feel very bad inside .
It 's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't by my boss ; he was a <unk> .
I spoke to the family , and I 'm sure I would take things out and made sure that I did n't get me .
And I kept getting these questions .
Why did n't my boss ask my boss ? Why sent he to his house ?
And my worst moments : Why did I made a mistake so silly ?
Why did I choose medicine ?
Little with that feeling was <unk> .
And I started to feel better .
And in one day , it opened up the sky and finally came out the sun , and I wondered if I would feel better again .
And I made a deal with myself in which if you 're going to take the efforts to be perfect for no more mistakes , I would do cease for those voices .
And it was .
I went back to work .
But it turned back .
Two years later , I was assistant in the emergency department in a community hospital in Northern Toronto , and I received a <unk> man with a pain at your throat .
I was very busy .
He pointed out here .
I watched her throat , I was a little bit <unk> .
He sent him penicillin and sent it to his house .
But while he ran to the door , he kept pointing her throat .
Two days later , when I came out to make my shift guard , my boss asked to talk to me that I was going to hold in his office .
And I made the three words : Does you remember you ?
Remember the patient who saw by a pain on your throat ?
So he came back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
I had a potentially deadly condition called <unk> .
You can look for Google . It 's an infection , not your throat , but the top air goes on top , and it can cause the closing of those tracks .
He , fortunately , not passed away .
He managed to get antibiotics out of it , and he recovered to the few days .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , and then I went back to work , until it happened again and again and again .
Twice in the same shift in the emergency room , not a appendicitis .
And it 's a great effort , especially working in a hospital , because we were going to have 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't send them home and I do n't think it 's been a carelessness .
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation .
That 's an X-ray of kidneys , but it turned out normal . A colleague who was checking a certain sensitivity in the lower right quadrant and called the surgeon .
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea .
And I read a liquid order to <unk> , and I asked my colleague to take it down .
I looked at it and as a sense of sensitivity in the lower right quadrant , called the surgeon .
Both were operated around and recovered .
But every single case I 'm going to do is , I devoured .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise , and like many colleagues say , it 's a mess .
The most meaningful ones have been over the last five years .
Just , embarrassed and without support .
And here 's the problem : if I ca n't get free and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the <unk> that tells me what 's going on , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I teach them this to do n't make the same mistakes ?
If I could go into a place like this , I 'd have no idea what you think about me .
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , at a party , you 'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors , but you wo n't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes .
And if I knew and my colleagues , as well as a <unk> in my hospital <unk> my wrong leg , believe you would have difficulty looking at the eyes .
This is the system that we have .
The total denial of mistakes .
It 's the system that there are two positions : those who make mistakes and those who do n't sleep , and those who do n't sleep , and those who do n't sleep , and the ones that have great results .
And it 's almost like a ideological reaction , like antibodies start to attack that person .
We have the idea that if you stop medicine to people who make mistakes , we will get a safe system .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years of diffusion and medical journalism , I 've made a personal study of bad medical litigation and medical errors to learn as possible , from the first article I wrote for the Star Star to my program : `` White <unk> , Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous .
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day , where one in 10 medications <unk> in the hospital are wrong , or <unk> is not correct . In a system that <unk> infections are increasingly , and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , 24,000 billion Canadian died for preventable medical mistakes .
The U.S. Institute . established 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not <unk> the problem as we should .
And so on .
A hospitable system where knowledge is roughly every two or three years , and we did n't get them up .
Serious sleep deprivation .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow them to make a perfect history of a patient with pain .
Now , let 's take the same patient with a chest pain , it comes in <unk> eyes and <unk> to alcohol , and all of a sudden , my story was <unk> from contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things always like it .
And my patients are not cars . They do n't touch their symptoms always in the same way .
All of this , mistakes are inevitable .
So if we take the system as they taught us , and we eliminate all the professionals likely to be wrong , well , no one left .
And about that people do n't want to talk about their most serious cases ?
In my program : `` <unk> white , black art , '' because it 's a custom to say , `` This is my worst mistake . '' I would tell you all , from the ambulance guys to the heart of heart surgery , `` This is my worst mistake , '' blah blah , blah , blah , `` What are your mistakes ? '' And we 'll
And his students were <unk> , <unk> , go down the head and spit saliva and start telling their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
You can say , `` Look , you do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where we can do it .
They need a <unk> medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The redefined physician is human , you know human , they accept it , and they do n't miss their mistakes , but he tries to learn from what 's happened to teach others .
It shares their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
Let me tell you the mistakes of other people , not with intention to get them , but in a loving , loving way that everyone will benefit .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes once when .
My name is Brian Sachs .
I 'm a redefined doctor .
I 'm human , make mistakes .
And I 'm sorry , but I strive to learn something that can convey to others .
I do n't know what you think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me close with three personal words , I remember it .
Do you know how many decisions we take ?
Do you know how much choosing in a week ?
Recently , I made a survey of more than 2,000 people and the average number of choices that he says to choose an average American , is about 70 to a day .
Not long ago , in research followed for a week to a group of presidents of companies .
The researchers recorded the different tasks by these executives and the time that we 're going to make decisions related to those tasks .
They found that , on average , <unk> <unk> works a week .
Naturally , every job included a lot of <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time .
Now think about your choices .
Do you know how many people belong to the category of nine minutes , and how many of an hour ?
How do you check those decisions ?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : choice for the overload of options .
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know your answers .
When I ask a question , as I 'm blind , raise your hand only if you want to burn calories .
In another way , when you ask a question , if your answer is positive please take a pat .
And now my first question of day : Are you ready to hear about the problem of choices ?
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , <unk> this very , very high supermarket , at least in that time was very sophisticated .
He was called <unk> 's .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There was like 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , more than 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables and about 25 bottled water , and this was when we made water off the faucet .
I loved going to that store , but on one occasion , I asked myself , why never buy anything ?
This is the olive oil shelf .
They had over 75 different classes , including the ones that were in the sealed box that came from the millennials .
I 'd once decided to visit the manager and I asked her , `` works well this strategy to offer all these options ? ''
He pointed out the buses of tourists that were coming every day , usually with their cameras .
We decided to make a little experiment with the <unk> .
hallway .
They had different kinds of classes .
They put a post for <unk> , right at the tent .
We put out there <unk> out of six tastes , or 24 tastes different , and we looked at two things : First , what 's the case that people were willing to stop testing the jam ?
More people stopped when there was 24 ; 60 percent , when there were only six , 40 percent .
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a pot pot .
Here we find the opposite effect .
Those who stopped when there was 24 , only three percent came to buy jelly .
Of those who stood when there was six , we saw that 30 percent bought jelly .
If we do the calculations , people had six times more likely to buy , if they found six , that if they found 24 .
Well , we decide that we do n't buy choice , we probably want to do it , unless it 's good to keep the <unk> , but it turns out that the problem of choices in choices are affecting us in momentous decisions .
We decided not to decide , even though this wo n't be free .
Now the theme of day : financial savings .
I 'm going to describe to you a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Wei <unk> , where we 're looking at decisions about savings for a million Americans , from about a million Americans , from a few 650 plans of this country .
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds available available for retirement plans , the 401 program , <unk> people to save for the future .
And we found that actually there was a correlation .
We had <unk> plans that went from two to 59 different options .
We found that the bigger it was the number of funding , there were less participation .
So if you look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that offer two funds , the rate of participation was 70 percent or more , not as high as I 'd like .
And in the plans that I offered about 60 funds , the rate of participation declined to the 50th percentile .
It turns out even if you decide to participate , when there 's more options , even in that case , there 's negative consequences .
So , for those of you who decided to participate , the bigger people are the number of choices , more people will be forced by avoiding equity or investment funds .
As soon as they had more options , they were more willing to invest in market financial bills .
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we were going to do to optimize the future financial welfare .
In the previous decade , we 've seen three major negative consequences by providing it more and more possibilities .
What 's most likely is that we make the decision , that we 're going to make it even when it 's against self-interest .
It 's more likely to take the worst decisions , in finance and health .
They 're more likely to pick up less fulfilling things , they 're objectively right .
The main reason is that we 're looking at that <unk> variety of <unk> , mustard , vinegar and jelly , but we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , contrast and choose from that amazing exhibition .
Today I want to propose , four simple techniques that we 've tried to propose in one way or another , in different research , so that they can test in their business .
The first is , <unk> .
You 've heard it before , but it 's never been more true than today , that less is more .
People are always upset when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in the <unk> .
But what we 're seeing is actually what we 're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut , get rid of redundant redundant options , there will be a increase in sales , <unk> costs , there will be a better experience in choice .
When <unk> & Gamble went from 26 different types of Head from Head to 15 , you saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the Golden Golden corporation removed the products for the <unk> products that they were less sold , they increased to 87 percent , for two causes : higher sales and lower costs .
You know , the supermarkets , you know , on average , you have 45,000 products .
In a store of Walmart , you 're offered about 100,000 products .
But the ninth largest store in the world is <unk> and offers only 1,400 products ; a kind of tomato tomato sauce .
In the world of financial savings , I think one of the best examples that have emerged out of how to handle the choices is David <unk> , the Harvard program .
All Harvard employees are automatically <unk> to a certain insurance fund .
The people who really want to choose , they 're offering 20 funds , not 300 or more .
You know that people often say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They are all important options . ''
The first thing I do is ask the employees , `` Tell me the differences that are among those options .
And if your employees ca n't tell , they ca n't do their customers . ''
This afternoon , before I started this session , I 've been talking with Gary .
He told me that I 'd be willing to offer the people from this audience a vacation with all paid money to the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave you a few seconds to read , and then I want you to give you a hand if you 're ready to take the Gary supply .
( Few applause ) Okay . Anybody who 's ready to accept the offer .
Are n't they ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I really got to hear more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information on the first round , than in the second round , but I can tell you that they thought the second time was more real .
Because the images made it be more real .
This leads me to the second technique to handle the overload of options , which is <unk> .
For people to understand the differences between choices , they have to understand the consequences of each option , and that the consequences must feel very vividly , very concrete .
Why is people spend 15 percent to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards that when they use cash ?
Because it does n't seem real money .
It turns out to make it look more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , on <unk> <unk> , who worked in <unk> , these people were in a meeting where they were getting into a 401 plan .
At that meeting , we save exactly as a little addition , we made it a little addition .
What we added was that we appeal to the staff to think of the positive things that we would make on their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was an increase in 20 percent increase in the number that were interested in saving or in what they wanted to put on their savings accounts , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than choices .
For example , this is a study we did in a magazine hallway .
We saw that in <unk> 's <unk> 's long , the journal display can contain from <unk> different types to <unk> .
But , you know ?
Because classification tells me how to tell the difference .
These are two exhibitions of jewelry .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think the one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> , shake it .
( Few claps ) Well , there 's some .
If you think the one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> , shake it .
Well , something else .
It turns out that it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> . But you know something ?
This rating scheme is totally useless .
The categories must indicate something that you choose , not what we choose .
So you often see this problem with those huge lists of funds .
What are you reporting ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out that we can handle a lot more information than we think about , if we just simplify it a little bit .
We have to increase the complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's look at a complicated decision ; the purchase of a car .
This is a German car manufacturer that allows you completely completely .
You have to take 60 decisions to build the car .
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that give each other .
Color , outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities .
engine , box changes , four options .
What I 'm going to do is change the order that make decisions .
So half of the clients are going to go from many choices , 56 colors , at a few , four boxes .
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few options , four boxes , 56 colors , lots of options .
And what am I going to look at ?
How involved you are .
If you 're going to get the default button in every decision , it indicates you 're overwhelmed , whether we 're losing them .
We found that they 're going from a lot of choices to a few , put the button for default and again and another .
We lose them .
If you go from a few choices to many , it 's still there .
The same information , the same number of options .
The only thing I did was disrupt the order of information that is presented .
If we start with the easy , you learn to pick .
Although we choose to pick the box of change does n't say anything about the preferences of the interior decoration , in all ways you 're making to choose .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building now has more engaged in the process .
So to sum up .
I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the overload of the overload of choices : <unk> , eliminating strange choices -- <unk> , make it real ; we can drive them more categories with less options ; we 'll get complexity .
All of these techniques that I 've been presented with were designed to help manage the alternatives , or better , for you , to use them in their own issues , or for people who serve .
I think the key to getting the best of a choice is to be careful when you choose .
And the more careful how much we are in our best choices , we can practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , in communist East Germany , if you had a typewriter , I had to be able to write <unk> to the government .
I had to register a text text text text .
And this for the government could track the origin of texts .
If they found the wrong message , you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't think that somebody could do this , so much that it would make freedom of expression .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser color of any big manufacturer , and it prints a page , that page will end up having a little yellow dots on every page that you follow a pattern that makes them yourself and from his printer .
That 's happening to us today .
And nobody seems to do a lot of them .
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us , the citizens .
And it 's one of the three main causes of problems on the network .
If you look at what happens in the online world , we can put together the attacks on their bombers .
There are three main groups .
There 's the cybercriminals .
Like Mr. Lopez <unk> from the city of Kiev , in Ukraine .
The mobile phone is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use cyberattacks to make a lot of money , huge amounts .
There are actually a lot of millionaires online , <unk> , who would take money with their attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , from <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred traces .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthieu Anderson , <unk> <unk> etc. , etc. , etc .
These guys make their fortunes online , but they do it by illegal media by stealing banking on banking to steal money from our accounts when we buy online , or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy them in a infected computer .
The secret to America , two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this guy , Sam Jain , and this account had <unk> million dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain , you know , you know the stop .
And I say that today is more likely than any of us would be the victim of a firm than a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is going wrong .
In the future , most crimes will happen online .
The second group of bombers in importance that we 're looking at today is not very motivated by money .
There 's another thing that drives them , they motivate the protests , they motivate opinions , they motivate them .
<unk> as Anonymous have been inserted in the last 12 months occupying a prominent role in online attacks .
Those are the three main bombers : criminals who do it for money , <unk> them like Anonymous that do it to protest and the last group is the national governments that attack .
And then we see cases like <unk> .
That 's a good example of government attack against its own citizens .
<unk> is a certified authority of the Netherlands , or actually , it was .
We were going to break it down last fall because of a <unk> .
They would make safety of the site , and then it 's a <unk> .
Last week , I asked , at a meeting with the Dutch government representatives , I asked one of the leaders , if they 've got to catch the death of people because of the attack on <unk> .
And the answer to him was yes .
So how do people die from a attack of these ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
We <unk> certified .
What they serve ?
Well , you need to do if you have a website with <unk> , services , <unk> , services , services like Gmail .
Except that we had a foreign foreign authority .
And that we would put on the <unk> certificates .
And in the case of <unk> , exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , the protesters looted the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police headquarters in April 2011 , and during the year we grew up , they found a lot of papers .
Among those papers was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And within that folder , there was some notes from a company based in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of the citizens of the country .
They had sold this tool for 400,000 euros to the Egyptian government .
The company headquarters is right here .
So , Western governments provide the tools for totalitarian governments to do that to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this to themselves .
For example , in Germany , just a couple of weeks ago , I found <unk> <unk> ; a <unk> used by government government officials to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're suspicious in a good case , it 's a good case that your phone is <unk> .
But it 's going beyond today .
It <unk> the Internet connection .
We 're even tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all the communication , and listen to the arguments online , to get our data .
When we think about things like this , the obvious answer should be , `` Well , it seems bad , but it does n't really affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why do n't worry ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's at stake .
Privacy is not arguing .
It 's not a matter of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom against control .
Now , if we could trust our governments today , in 2011 , any right that we will do today , will be forever .
Are you going blindly blindly into any future government , in an administration that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions that have been worried about the next 50 years .
This is where I live . I live in Kenya , in the South Side of Nairobi National Park .
These are the cows of my dad , at the bottom , and behind the cows , the Nairobi National Park .
National Park in Nairobi do n't have fences in the South , which means that wild animals like zebras migrate to freely outside of the park .
And predators , like lions , follow them , and this is what they do .
<unk> our livestock .
This is one of those who killed at night , and as soon as we got up in the morning , and we found it dead , and I felt very bad because it was the only bull we had .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to <unk> , and that 's why we value them so much .
So I grew up to hate lions .
They died are warriors that protect our community and livestock , and they 're also upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the six lions they killed in Nairobi .
I think that 's why there are so few in Nairobi National Park .
A child in my community , from six to the nine years , is responsible for the livestock of his father , and this was the same thing that was happening to me .
So I had to find a way to solve this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought that lions were afraid .
But I realized that actually this was n't really helpful , because I even helped lions to see the sticky lions .
I did n't give up . He went on .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
I was trying to trick lions so they believed that he was close to the barn .
But lions are very smart . They came the first day and saw the <unk> , and they went back , but the second day , they came back and said , `` This thing does n't move , it 's always here . So we jumped and killed animals .
So one night I was walking around the barn with a torch , and the lions did n't come .
I found that lions are afraid of light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch that you turn on and to turn out the lights .
And this is a tiny <unk> lamp .
Let 's get everything .
As you can see , the solar cell picks up the battery and the battery <unk> electricity to the small <unk> box . I call it a transformative .
And the box <unk> makes the lights up .
As you can see , they 're going to go out , because that 's where lions come from .
And this is what lions see when they come from night .
<unk> lights and deceive lions to think I 'm walking through the barn , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never had a problem with lions .
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea .
One of them is from this grandmother .
She had killed her many animals a lot of animals , and he asked me if I could put the lights out .
I said yes .
I put them up . You can see the bottom , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've put them in seven houses in my community and they 're serving a lot .
And my idea is also used now for all Kenya , to scare other predators as hyena , leopards , and it 's also being used to get rid of farm elephants .
Thanks to this invention , I had the fortune of getting a grant in one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school is now helping to raise funds and <unk> .
It even led my friends to my community and installed lights in the houses that do n't have them , and I show them how to put them .
So , a year ago , it was just a kid in the savanna meadows , and he used to see planes fly , and he said that one day would be inside of you .
And today I am .
I got the opportunity to come in the plane for the first time to TED .
My great dream is to be a aviation engineer and a pilot .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and to lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my tongue means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't picture what exciting is to listen to a story like yours .
So you got a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yes .
CA : You 're working on other electrical inventions .
What 's the next on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to make a fence . CA : One near electrical ?
<unk> : I know they already invented electric fences , but I want to make mine .
CA : I mean it once , right ? And you -- <unk> , I 've been trying to do it before , but I stopped because I got a <unk> . CA : At the canyon foot , Richard <unk> , you 're something big .
We 're going to break it on every step you take , my friend .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was small , I thought my country was the best of the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` No <unk> . ''
And I felt very proud .
In school , we passed all the time studying the story of Kim <unk> , but we never learned a lot of the rest of the world , except that America , South Korea , Japan are the enemies .
Though sometimes I wondered about the rest of the world , I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea , until everything changed all of a sudden .
When I was seven , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was n't poor , and I was never hungry .
But one day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister 's colleague .
That said , `` When I did this , the five family members will stop there in this world , because we have n't eaten in the two weeks .
We 're <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , we 're ready to die . ''
It was very altered .
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country .
At some time , when I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something terrible that I ca n't erase my memory .
A woman with no life was dead on the street , holding a kid in her arms looking at his mother 's face without being able to do anything .
Nobody helped them , because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families .
A huge famine broke away in North Korea in the middle of the '90s .
In the end , over a million North Koreans died during the famine , and only a few survive survive eating grass , insects and cortex .
They also became more and more frequently and more frequently the energy cuts , everything around me was completely in the dark at night except for the ocean lights in China , just across the river from my house .
I always wondered why they had light and we did n't .
This is a satellite satellite photo of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> river , which is <unk> between North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow at certain points , allowing Koreans to cross the secretly .
But many people die .
Sometimes , I saw bodies floating on the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I went out of North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of famine , I was sent to China to live with relatives distant .
But I just thought that I would be separated from my family for the short time .
I could never have imagined I would take 14 years to live together .
In China , it was hard to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea what life would be like a <unk> refugee .
But soon I learned that it 's not just extremely difficult , but too dangerous , because the North refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear of my identity , and it would be <unk> to a horrible destination back in North Korea .
A day , my worst nightmare was actually made , when I was arrested for the Chinese police , and I 'm going to join myself in the police station .
Somebody had accused me for being <unk> , so I would give you my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions .
It was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to explode .
If it did n't seem natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and answer the questions .
At the end of the interrogation one officer told another , `` This was a fake report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And let me go . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China seek asylum in foreign embassy .
But a lot of them can be arrested for the Chinese and <unk> police .
These women were very lucky .
Although they had captured them , they were eventually released after an international pressure .
These North Koreans were n't so lucky .
Every year , countless North Koreans are caught in China and <unk> North Korea , where they 're tortured , imprisoned or executed in public .
Although I was lucky to escape , many other Koreans have n't had as much luck .
It 's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive .
Even after learning a new language , and find work , everybody can get it in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , I decided to risk going to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected .
English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
Also , I understood that there was a big gap between North and South .
We 're all Koreans , but inside , we 've become very different because of 67 years of divide .
It even went through an identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was no country I could call it with pride of mine .
Even though I 'm going to look at life in South Korea was n't easy , I did a plan . I started studying for the income exam at the University .
Just when I was starting to interview my new life , I got an alarming call .
The North Korea authorities would take some money that I sent to my family , and as punishment , my family was going to be displaced by the force to the outside location outside .
They had to run away from immediately .
So I started planning how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way towards freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So , ironically , I took a flight to China and went to the border of North Korea .
Because my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to mentor them , somehow , over 3,000 miles across China , and then through Southeast Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we almost went caught several times .
Once , our bus was stopped and tackled by a official police officer .
He asked them all , and he started asking them questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese officer came up to my family , I impulse my foot , and I told him that they were <unk> people who were accompanying .
And I looked at me <unk> , but fortunately he believed me .
We made it all the way to the border of Laos .
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border of border .
But even after spending the border , my family was arrested and imprisoned in the illegally border .
After paying fees and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But time , my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital of Laos .
This was one of the lowest points in my life .
I did everything to release my family , and we were so close to , but my family was imprisoned in prison at the distance of the South Korean embassy .
I was going and came between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to liberate my family .
But I did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or tickets .
I lost hope .
At that moment , or the voice of a man , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would mind .
With my poor English and a dictionary , I told him the situation , and without doubt , the man was the ATM , and it gave me the rest of the money for my family and for another two North Koreans and take them out of prison .
I thank him with all my heart , and I asked him , `` Why do I help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you , '' he said .
`` I 'm helping the <unk> people . ''
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind unknown <unk> , a new hope for me and for the people of us as much as we needed it .
And I showed that the kindness of strangers and international community support are really the rays of hope that the <unk> people need .
Eventually , after our long trip , my family and I met in South Korea .
But it 's just half the battle .
Many North Koreans are separated from their families , and when they went to a new country , they start with a little bit of money .
So , we can benefit from the international community with education , English language practices , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because a lot of us keep in contact with family still inside , and we send information and money that 's helping to change North Korea from inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive in international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and more North Koreans around the world , including on the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in Southern Center .
This is South Center : <unk> stores , fast food , <unk> land .
So the planners of the city came together and they thought , we 're going to change the name of South Central Center to represent something else , so they changed it to Los Angeles , as if this is what 's actually wrong in the city .
This is Los Angeles : <unk> of <unk> , fast food , <unk> land .
Just like <unk> millions of other Americans , I live in a food desert , L.A. , South L.A. , home from food places to take and eat in the car .
The curious thing is that the places of food to lead killed more people than food in the car .
People are dying of diseases treatable in L.A. .
For example , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than , say , Beverly Hills , which is like 15 miles away .
I emphasize seeing this happen .
And I wonder , how would you feel if you did n't have access to healthy food , and if every time you get home , you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood ?
I see chairs and sold as a car used .
I saw dialysis centers like Starbucks .
And I consider this to stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
Food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
And I also got tired of driving 45 minutes away and back to buy an apple that does n't have pesticides .
What I did , it was planting a food forest in front of my house .
In a field of land we call a gardening .
It 's about 45 me .
The point is , it belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what comes me in wins , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
So that was how I decided to keep it .
So my group and I , L.A. , Green <unk> , we put us together , and we started planting our food forest , <unk> trees , you know , nine full vegetables .
What we do , we 're a kind of paid group in advance made up by gardeners of all the backgrounds , all the entire city and completely voluntary , and everything we do is for free .
And the garden , it was beautiful .
Then someone complained .
The city was like me , and in short , they gave me a <unk> saying that I had to take my garden , the <unk> became court .
And I said , `` Come on , really ?
A warrant for planting food in a piece of land that no one cares ? '' So I was like , `` Well , let 's go . ''
Because this time it was n't going to happen .
The L.A. Times had been written by Steve <unk> , and I talked to the <unk> and one of Green <unk> members who put a petition in <unk> , with 900 signatures , we were successful .
We had the victory in our hands .
My <unk> even called it to say that we 're going to go through and loved what we were doing .
I mean , we go , why not ?
L.A. is the city of America with more <unk> terrain .
It 's <unk> <unk> <unk> .
That 's the equivalent of 20 Central Parks .
That 's space enough for planting millions of tomato plants .
Why on Earth does n't it look like this ?
We 'd run a plant to a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars a result .
It 's my hymn , when I tell people , cultivate your own food .
Put your own food is how to print your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for the South .
I grew up there . Tell my kids there .
I became part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me for others , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I cultivate my art .
As an artist of graffiti , that <unk> walls , I would <unk> soils , <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , like a piece of canvas , and plants and trees , are my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the land can do , if you let them be his canvas .
You simply ca n't imagine how amazing it is , and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I 'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education , the transformation of my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of the land .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how it affects the kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic act and provocative that they can do , especially in a <unk> .
Also , they get strawberries .
I remember one occasion , which came a mother and her daughter , were like gods at night and were in my garden , salt and look very <unk> .
I , well , man , I felt wrong , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is on the street for a reason .
I felt shame when I was so close to me with hunger , and this just reinforces why I do this , people ask me , `` End , not temes that people are going to steal your food ? ''
I say , `` Oh my God , no fear you 're going to steal . ''
That 's in the street .
That 's what it 's about .
I want you to take it , but again , I want you to take your health . ''
There was another time that I put a garden in a shelter for homeless at the center of Los Angeles .
They were all these guys , and they helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , they shared their stories about how this affected them , and how they used to plant their mom and their grandmother , and it was fabulous to see how this changed , so it was just for a moment .
So Green <unk> has come to plant maybe 20 gardens .
We 've had , like , 50 people who come , work and participate , all in a volunteer plan .
If kids grow <unk> , kids eat <unk> .
If you 're growing tomatoes , eat tomatoes , but if none of this is taught them , if you 're not taught how food affects the mind and the body , they eat the blind thing they put them in front .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing in which they 're trapped . I see children of color that are in this path designed for them , that does n't take them anywhere .
With the gardening , I see an opportunity that we can train these kids who are going to train these communities to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe there 's the next George Washington George <unk> .
But if we do n't change the composition of the land , we never will .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a whole block of gardens , where people can share food on the same block .
I want to carry containers and convert them into healthy cafes .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free stuff , because free is not sustainable .
The curious thing about sustainability is you have to <unk> it .
What I 'm talking about is to try to work on people , pull the kids out of the street , who know the joy , the pride and honor of growing their own food , opening farmers ' markets .
What I want to do here , we have to make it sexy .
I want everybody to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners <unk> .
We have to change the script of what a <unk> is .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
What would you take your whispers on ?
That 's their weapon of choice .
In sum , if you want to meet with me , well , if you want to look at me , you do n't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing crap -- to talk about making some crap .
If you want to see me , come into the garden with your whispers so that we can plant something .
Peace : Thank you .
Thank you .
( Sound of <unk> ) ( <unk> <unk> ) You 're probably all going to agree with me that this is a pretty nice road .
It 's made out of asphalt , and asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always , especially in days as today , that it rains a lot .
You can have a lot of water in asphalt that makes a splash .
And especially if they 're running on your bike and these cars pass , that 's not very nice .
Also , asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , like the Netherlands , very close to the cities , we would like a silent road .
The solution for that is to make porous asphalt roads .
<unk> acid , a material that we use now in most of the roads in the Netherlands , has pores , and the water can go through it , so all the rainwater flowing down the sides , and you have a road because it 's easy to drive , and we do n't make water more .
The noise also disappear in these pores .
Because it 's very hollow , all the noise disappear , so it 's a very quiet road .
It also has disadvantages , of course , and the downside of this road is that you can undo .
What is you going to get rid of ? You see that on this road the stones are coming out .
First one , then several more and more and more and more and more and then -- well , I wo n't do that . But you can hurt her windshield , and you 're not happy with that .
And finally , this can also lead to more and more damage .
Sometimes you can create bump into that .
Ah . It 's ready .
<unk> , of course , that you can become a problem , but we have a solution .
So here you can actually see the damage in this material .
It 's a porous asphalt , as I said , so only it has a small amount of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the open , the ultraviolet light , to oxidation , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , <unk> , and if you <unk> , they will be going to be done and separate from the <unk> .
So , if you drive along the road , you will go to the <unk> -- as we saw here .
To solve this problem , we think of <unk> materials .
If we can make this material <unk> , then we probably have a solution .
So what we can do is use steel wool , from that to clean up <unk> , and we can cut the steel wool into very small chunks , and we can mix those little bits with the <unk> .
So we got asphalt with little bits of steel wool in it .
Then you need a machine , like the one you see here , you use to cook -- a induction machine .
<unk> can heat , especially steel , it 's very good at that .
So what you have to do is to heat up the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flow by these <unk> and rocks will be sent back to the surface .
Today I used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the big induction machine here to the stage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the show , I 'm now going to pull out what happened .
This is the sample that comes out now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat up the samples .
We tried a lot of samples there , and then the government really saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We have to try . ''
So we gave us a piece of road , 400 feet of the <unk> freeway , where we had to make a test lane to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the road test , and then , of course , this road will last several years without any damage . That 's what we know about practice .
We took lots of samples from this road and we test them in the lab .
So we did the samples age , we put a lot of charge on them , the ones followed us with our <unk> machine , and the ones put them back and test them .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can tell you that we 've made a material using steel fibers , bringing these fibers , using power 's energy energy , actually , will increase the lives of the road surface , they can even double the lives of the surface , and they 're actually going to save a lot of money with very simple tricks .
And now , of course , you have a curiosity of whether this worked too .
We still have the sample here . It 's pretty hot .
Actually , it 's got to cool first before you can show them how repair it acts .
But I 'm going to do an attempt .
Let 's see . Yeah , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 years old , I remember having woken up one morning with the sound of <unk> in my house .
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radio .
He had a great smile on his face that was unusual in those times , because the news usually <unk> it .
`` The Taliban went ! '' `` I screamed my father .
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see my father was very , very happy .
`` Now , you can go to a real school , '' he said .
I 'll never forget .
A real school .
You see , I was six years old , when the Taliban were born from Afghanistan , and they made illegal girls to go to school .
For the next five years , I was struck by a child to get my older sister , who could no longer be alone outside , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way we could both educate them .
Every day , we made a different route so that no one could be suspicious about where we were going .
We had to hide books in market bags so that it looks like we were shopping .
School was at a house , over 100 of us tight in a little room .
It was nice in the winter , but it was extremely hot in summer .
We all knew that we were taking our lives , the teacher , the students and our parents .
Occasionally , school was suddenly close for a week , because the suspected Taliban .
We always wondered what they knew from us .
Were they following us ?
Did you know where we lived ?
We were <unk> , but yet , school was where we wanted to be .
I was very lucky to grow up in a family where education was <unk> and the daughters .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total of a remote province in Afghanistan , <unk> that her daughter , my mother , out to school , and so his father was <unk> .
But my educated mother became a teacher .
This is her .
It took two years ago , just to turn our house into school for girls and women from our neighborhood .
And my father , this is the first of his family to receive education .
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a greater risk to not to educate your children .
Over the years of the Taliban , I remember there were times when I was very frustrated about our life , and I was always scared and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to quit , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can steal your money . You can force yourself to leave your house during a war .
But there 's one thing that will always be with you , which is here , and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we will .
So , do you still want to continue ? ''
I 'm 22 today .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war .
Less than six percent of the women of my age have more than high school , and if my family had not been so committed to my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I find myself proud to graduate in <unk> College .
When I went back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , who was getting her home for the courage to educate her daughters , was one of the first to congratulate me .
He did n't just get my college degree away from my college degree , but I was also the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , and I carry him driving through the streets in Kabul .
My family believes in me .
I dream of a big dream , but my family has even bigger dreams .
That 's why I 'm a global ambassador , a global campaign to educate women .
It 's for what I cofounded <unk> , the first and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country where it is still risky for girls to go to school .
The exciting thing is , I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity .
And I see her parents and their families who , like mine , will be fought by them , despite the way in front of a daunting opposition .
As Ahmed . It 's not his real name , and I ca n't show you his face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month ago , he and his daughter went off from <unk> to his village , and literally , they escaped from being killed by a bomb on the road , for minutes .
When he got to his house , they 're the phone , a voice had warned him that if he was sending her daughter to school , he would try it .
`` <unk> , if you want , '' he said , `` But it does n't harm the future of my daughter by his old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've realized in Afghanistan , and it 's something that 's often forgotten in the West , is that behind most of the <unk> , there 's a father who recognized the value of his daughter , and he sees the success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have n't been key in our success .
In fact , it 's often the first compelling <unk> of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , the girls who went to school they count in hundreds -- remember , it was illegal .
But today , over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the United States .
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes .
And I fear that these changes did n't go long , after the retirement troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look at the students in my school and their parents who were going to hold up for them , that I 'm going to see a future future and a lasting change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and endless possibilities , and every day , the little girls of <unk> will remind me .
Like me , they dream big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile : `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi . <unk> against him .
But you 'll never go back a revolutionary revolutionary . ''
It 's almost two years since the <unk> revolution broke inspired by the surge of mass <unk> , both of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution .
A forces with many other citizens <unk> , inside and outside the country to call a anger of anger and starting a revolution against the <unk> <unk> regime .
And we did it ; it was a big revolution .
Women and young young men <unk> were at the forefront of the regime , they demanded billboards of freedom , their dignity and social justice .
They 've shown a lifelong bravery by dealing with the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the Far East , all the way up to the south .
Finally , after a period of six months of brutal war and some losses from about 50,000 dead , we managed to liberate our country and overthrowing the tyrant .
However , Gaddafi left a heavy load , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and <unk> .
For four decades , the <unk> regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of the <unk> society .
Whether of the devastation and the challenges , I 've wanted to , along with many other women , rebuild civil society , pushing a inclusive and a fair transition towards democracy and national reconciliation .
So , about 200 organizations in <unk> during , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi , about 300 in <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya and with a single enthusiasm , I started organizing workshops about the development of capabilities and leadership skills .
With an amazing group of women , we founded the West Women 's women , a movement of women , the leaders , the very diverse orientation , to advocate the <unk> of women and by our right to equal participation in the building of democracy and peace .
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the <unk> period , an environment that was increasingly <unk> , which is <unk> of selfish dominance policies and exclusion .
And over time , our initiative was approved and successful .
Women won a <unk> percent of the National Congress in the first elections in 52 years .
However , little with the exhilaration of elections and the revolution as a whole , they were disappearing ; every day we were on news of violence .
We woke up with the news of the <unk> of ancient mosques and Sufi graves .
Another day we had the murder of the murder of American ambassador and the attack on <unk> .
Another day we woke up with the news of the killing of the U.S. officials .
And every day , every day , we wake up with the militia government and their disappearance of human rights violations of the prisoners and their lack of respect of law .
Our society , made by a revolutionary mindset , became more and removed from the ideals and principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , we had at the beginning .
They , exclusion , exclusion and revenge became the icons of the consequences of revolution .
I 'm not here today at all to inspire our history of success with our success of the <unk> list and the elections .
Rather , I 'm here today to tell you that we , as a nation , we chose bad , we make the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize well .
Because elections did n't brought peace , stability and security to Libya .
The <unk> list and the <unk> between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why is our society and dominated , and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion , both by men like women ?
Perhaps what was missing was not only women , but female values of compassion , mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs national dialogue , and the creation of consensus more than I needed the choices , which only give the polarization and division .
Our nation needs the recurrent representation of the female , which is more than having the numerical and quantitative representation of it .
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage and call it days of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We have to develop a female speech , not only <unk> , but also put mercy of mercy instead of revenge , rather than revenge , collaboration instead of competition , inclusion , rather than exclusion .
These are the ideal that a Libya , wiped out the war , desperately needs to reach the peace .
Because peace has a alchemy which is about the <unk> and the <unk> between female perspectives and male perspectives .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to figure out that in an existential way before we do it .
According to a <unk> `` <unk> '' -- the peace -- `` is the word of the God , honey , compassionate . ''
At the time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all the <unk> traditions , has the same root in Arabic , that the word `` <unk> '' -- uterus -- <unk> and maternal female and maternal , leading to all of the humanity that men and women , which are all tribes and all the people , and all of the people , and all
And so , like the uterus covers the embryo , the embryo is growing in , the divine matrix of compassion is <unk> all of existence .
It 's like , `` My mercy is all things . ''
It 's like , `` My mercy is about my anger . ''
That they all are being influenced by the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question , which has an equally unsettling answer .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is the one that everybody does . Why is she left ?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who sticks ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , no skilled in domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . I had just <unk> at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York for my first work as a writer and editor in <unk> magazine .
I had my first apartment , my first <unk> American Express , and he had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , that I believed my twin soul , he was going with my head with a pistol , loaded with <unk> bullets .
The man , who I loved more than anyone in this world , put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of crazy love , a psychological trap , in love , where every year and millions of women fall , and even some men .
It could even be your story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> in English at Harvard University , and I have an MBA in <unk> Business School .
I 've spent most of my career working for Fortune 500 lists , between Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I 've been almost 20 years for my second husband , and we have three children .
My dog is a black <unk> and I drive an <unk> <unk> <unk> .
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can pass to anybody , all races , all of the entire income and education .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women , which is a problem of women .
Not exactly .
Over 85 percent of the <unk> are men , and domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships , interdependent and long duration or , said otherwise , in families , the last place we would want or expect to find violence , which is why the domestic abuse , as domestic abuse .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would be left with a man who was going to paste , and actually , I was a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 years old , and in the United States , women of age 16 and 24 years old are three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages , and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples , dating and abusive husbands in the United States .
I also was a typical victim because I did n't know anything about domestic violence , their warning signs or their patterns .
I met <unk> on a cold , rainy night of January .
I was sitting next to my side in New York subway , and he started to interview me .
He said two things .
The first one was that he had just been completed at a university of Ivy League , and I was working on a very important bank on Wall Street .
But what struck me most of the first encounter was that it was ready and fun , and that seemed like a field boy .
He had some big <unk> of apples , and a little wheat hair , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smartest things he made <unk> , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner .
He did it all over the beginning of you on a pedestal .
We started coming out and loved everything of me : that I 'd been to Harvard , who had gone to Harvard , who put passion to help teenage girls , and my job .
I wanted to know everything about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
He believed in me , as a writer and as a woman , like no one had ever done .
And it was because of that <unk> in that <unk> school and the work on Wall Street and his bright future , they had so much importance for him .
I did n't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is seduced and <unk> to the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave my dreams ' work , but I thought that I had to do sacrifices for your partner , so I accepted , I left my job and <unk> and I went together from Manhattan .
I had no idea that I was falling in a `` crazy love , '' which was coming in from head in a physical , financial trap and psychological trap very carefully .
The next step in the standard of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts .
And it 's where they go into this guns .
As soon as we moved to New England , you know , that place where you 're supposed to be so sure it was bought by three guns .
One was in the car <unk> .
Another kept under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket .
And he said he needed those guns and because of the trauma that he lived in small .
I needed them to feel secure .
But those guns were actually a message for me , and even though I had never lifted my hand , my life was already in danger , every minute of every day .
The first physical attack on <unk> happened five days before our wedding .
They were seven in the morning , and I still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared , I put my mother 's wedding suit and married him .
Despite what had happened , I was sure that we were living happily living forever , because I loved him , and he also wanted me a lot .
And I was very , very regretted it .
You just felt very overwhelmed with the wedding , and for the fact of raising a family with me .
I had been an isolated accident and never hurt me .
I spent twice the moon of honey .
The first time I was driving to a secret beach , and I lost it , and he gave me so strongly in the head that I would spend several times against the window .
And then , a couple of days later , driving back from our honey moon , he went down for traffic , and I threw a Big Mac on the face .
It was still going to have a decade or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
I wondered when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One of three American women is a domestic violence victim or bullying at some point in their life , and the Centers for Disease Control informs that every year 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had very good company .
Going back to my question : Why was I left ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was abusing me .
Instead , I was a very strong woman , and in love with a profoundly <unk> man , and it was the only person in the world who could help him engage their devils .
The other question that everybody does is , why is n't it just going to go ?
Why did n't I go ? I could have been at any time .
For me , this is the saddest and painful question that people do , because we , the victims , we know something that you normally ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to abandon a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the standard of domestic violence is kill her .
More than 70 percent of the killings in domestic violence occur after the victim has ended up to the relationship , after leaving , because then the <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other repercussions include bullying , even after the <unk> has gone to marry , <unk> of financial resources , and the manipulation of the family justice system for <unk> to the victim and their children , who are usually forced by judges to spend time not to meet with the man who will meet their mother .
And yet we still ask why it 's not going to be ?
I was able to leave , because of one last <unk> beat up my denial .
I realized that the man I loved so much , would have killed me if it was allowed .
So I broke the silence .
I told everybody to the world : the police , my neighbors , my friends and family , and I 'm here today because all of you helped me .
We have the tendency to encourage victims as scary headlines , <unk> women , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
For some people , it 's a way of saying `` La fault is yours to stay , '' as if the victims <unk> intentionally fall in love of men who want to destroy us .
But since I published `` love love , '' I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also learned a lesson from what happened to them and to address their lives of joyful and happy lives as they employed , wives and mothers , completely free lives of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm actually a victim and a very typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'll marry with a cute man and nice , and we have those three children .
I have that black <unk> , and also that <unk> .
What I 'm not going to do is , ever , it 's a gun charged with my head in your hands of someone who says he wants me .
Right now , you 're thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating ! '' or `` <unk> , what stupid one was , '' but all this time I 've actually been talking about you .
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now , that they 're being battered , or they were small , or they 're a little bit of <unk> .
<unk> might be affecting their daughter , their sister , their best friend right now .
I was able to end my crazy little love , breaking the silence .
And I keep doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last request towards you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
<unk> abuse are only silent .
They have the power to end up with domestic violence simply shedding light on it .
We need the victims of all the world .
We need each of you understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse of light talking about it with their children , their coworkers , their friends and family .
It 's their vision of survivors as fantastic and charming people , who have a full future .
Let 's run the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down their climb and show the victims of a safe way .
Together , we can convert our beds , our tables and our families in the fresh and peaceful oasis that should be .
Thank you .
Hi . I call this Russell Cameron , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be precise , for 10 years .
And I feel that at this moment , there 's an awkward tension in the room because I should n't have dress up like that . Luckily , I brought her clothes to change .
This is the first change in clothing on a TED stage , so you guys have a lot of <unk> , I think .
If some of the women were horrified when they come up , they do n't have to go back , but I 'll find it later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
These heels are very uncomfortable ; it 's less bad that I do n't have to use it .
The worst part is to pass this sweater through the head , because it 's when you 're going to laugh from me , so you do n't do anything while it covers me .
All right .
Why have I done this ?
It was embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but also .
I 've changed what they thought about me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a boyfriend in real life .
And I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer would tell me that I 'm going to take my back , and I 'm going to give you the child 's hair .
Of course , except with surgery , or an artificial tan that I did two days ago for the work , there 's very little that we can do to transform our appearance , which , as shallow , and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , to me , being brave means to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice woman and white , and in my work sector , that 's a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do , but in reality .
The first question is , how is it going to be a model ?
And I always say , `` An <unk> discovered , but that does n't mean anything . ''
The real reason I made a model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the ability of an inheritance , and maybe you 're wondering what this inheritance is .
Well , over the last few centuries , we have not only defined beauty as health and youth and symmetry , which we 're biologically programmed to admire , and we also have it associated with a high and <unk> shape , to womanhood and to a white skin .
And that 's my heritage , heritage that I 've known to leverage for money .
And I know there are people in the audience that are now skeptical , and maybe there are some people who say -- Wait . There 's Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , Liu Wen .
First of all , let 's know so much of models . It 's amazing .
But unfortunately , I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student at the University of New York , I told all of them and each of the models on the runway , and from <unk> models , only 27 , is to say , less than four percent , they were not white .
The next question that people always ask me is , can it be a model when it 's bigger ?
And my first answer is , I do n't know , I do n't take care of that .
But then what I would really tell you every one of these girls is : Why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a <unk> surgeon ninja and a poet , which would be awesome , because you 're the first one .
If after this spectacular list , they still insist , no , no , Cameron , I want to be a model , so I say , `` Be my boss . ''
Because I 'm not in charge of anything , and you could be the head of writing from American American magazine or the CEO of H & M , or the next Steven <unk> .
To say that you want to be a model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you 're older .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job that you can choose .
I 'm going to prove to you everything I learned in 10 years as a model , because , unlike <unk> surgery , can be summed up right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you finish your studies , and you have a rsum , and you have a rsum , and you have a rsum and some work on your back , no matter what you want to be president of the United States , but your resume would say , `` Model inside for 10 years , people would look odd . ''
The next question that people always do is , if all the pictures are going to be broken .
And yes , virtually all the photos are going to take place , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first picture they took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my period .
I know we 're entering the personal terrain , but it was a girl .
This is how I looked at my grandmother a few months before .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I am at a pajama party a few days before the photos for French <unk> .
Here I am with my football team and in the fifth magazine .
And this is me today .
And I hope you 'll realize that I 'm not me in those pictures .
They 're creations with a group of professionals , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all of their <unk> and <unk> people , and they get to create this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people always ask me is : Do things free ?
I have too many heels of 20 inches and I never use , except the couple before , but the privilege I get to get you in the real life , and that we do n't like to talk about .
I grew up in Cambridge , and once I went to a store and I forgot to take money , and they gave me the New <unk> .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a bad driver , and he jumped on a red light , and of course , you stood up , and it took a sorry , agent so I could keep driving .
I get a sense of this privilege , not why I am , and there are people who are paying a price for their aspect regardless of what they are .
I live in New York City , and last year , of teenage girls who stood down and registered , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there are only black and Latino young people in New York , so for them , it 's not a question of <unk> ?
But how many times do I get married ? And when ?
When we investigate this talk , I learned that by 53 percent of the <unk> girls in the United States do n't like their body , and that number gets up to 78 percent .
So the last question that people ask me is : How is life in a model ?
And I think the answer to you is , if you 're a little thinner and you have the brightest hair , you 're going to feel very happy and wonderful .
And behind the cameras , we give a answer that maybe look like this .
We say , it 's really wonderful to travel , and also incredible to be able to work with creative , resourceful , passionate people .
And all of that is true , but it 's just a part of what happens , because what we never call in front of the cameras , what I 've never said in front of them is : I 'm insecure .
And I 'm because I have to worry about me every day .
And if you ever ask yourself , `` With some thinner legs and the brightest hair , will be happier ?
They just have to meet with a bunch of models , because they have the thinner legs , the brightest hair , the brightest clothes , but they 're probably the most insecure women on the planet .
But mostly it was difficult to analyze a situation of racial oppression and gender oppression when I am one of the greatest <unk> .
If there 's something to retain from this talk , I hope that everyone will be more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in the perception that we have of success and the failure .
Thank you .
Photography has been my passion since I was getting older enough to hold a camera , but today I want to share with you my 15 most precious pictures , and I did n't know who he pulled them out .
There were no artistic directors , no <unk> , no chance to repeat the photos , not even a minimum care on the lighting .
In fact , most of them were taking them down tourists .
My story begins when , <unk> in New York City to give a lecture , my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on his first birthday , and that 's the corner of 57 and five .
He happened that we went back to New York just a year later , so we decided to take the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what 's coming now .
When my daughter was approaching my daughter 's birthday third , my wife said to me , `` Why do n't you take me back to New York on a <unk> trip and stick on the ritual ?
Here 's when we started to ask for the tourists that were going to get us on the picture .
It 's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal .
No one has never denied and , fortunately , no one has never met with the camera .
So , we were n't aware of how much life would change this journey .
It became something sacred for us .
This picture is a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day as a five-year-old girl could understand .
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey .
They 're also a way to stop time in a October week , and to make us think about our time and our evolution over the years , and not only on the physical level , but in all the senses .
Because , although we always take the same picture , our perspective changes , my daughter reaches new milestones , and I can see life through your eyes and how it feels and interact with everything .
That particular time that we spend together is something that we hope for illusion all the year .
Recently , on one of the travel , we were walking around , when suddenly he stopped in the dry and pointed out a red <unk> of the dollhouse store that I loved little on previous visits .
And I was described what made sense to the five years of foot in that same place .
<unk> that he remembered his heart , <unk> by seeing that place for the first time nine years ago .
And now what 's looking at in New York is universities , because we 're determined to study in New York City .
And I suddenly understood that one of the most important things we create is memories .
So , I want to share the idea of actively engaging in the conscious creation of memories .
I do n't know you , but apart from these 15 pictures , I did n't go out in many of the familiar pictures .
I 'm always the one who gets the picture .
So today I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture , and you ca n't get back to someone and ask them , `` Can you take a picture ? ''
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
<unk> are found in the most threatened bird .
First , why do you have so bad press ?
It 's also associated with Disney laughter <unk> as <unk> characters , stupid characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , you know laughter , applause and <unk> these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament . But I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because members of Parliament do n't keep the environment clean . <unk> are not helping to prevent the spread of disease .
They 're hardly monogamous . They 're far away from extinct . And my favorite , rabbits have better presence . There are two types of rabbits on this planet .
There is the hurricanes of the New World that are mainly in the Americas , like <unk> and <unk> , and the Old World Trade , where we have 16 species , and from these 16 , 11 , 11 face of extinction .
So , why are vultures important ? First of all , they provide vital ecological services .
It 's our gatherers of natural trash .
<unk> the bodies to the bone .
They help kill all the bacteria , they help to absorb anthrax that would not be because of them would spread and caused huge losses and diseases in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there is no rabbits , the bodies are three to four times more time in <unk> , and this has huge branches in the spread of disease .
Fields also have huge historical importance .
They 've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of the protector and the maternity and , along with the cobra , <unk> the unit between the Stop and <unk> .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and risked his life to save the <unk> goddess of the Tasmanian devil in 10 heads .
In <unk> culture , they 're getting very important to open sky , in places like Tibet , there 's no place to bury the dead , or wood to <unk> , so these rabbits provide a natural disposal system .
What 's the problem with vultures ?
We have eight species of rabbits in Kenya , from which six are endangered endangered .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason that they 're being poisoned is because there are conflict between humans and wildlife , and <unk> communities use this poison against predators , and as a result , rabbits are victims of this .
In South Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of rabbits are on the critically endangered list of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years , and the reason is because they fall over the consumption of cattle that have been treated with a drug <unk> like the <unk> .
This drug has been banned by veterinarian in India and have taken a position .
Since there 's no rabbits , there 's been a spread in the number of dogs in landfills , and when you have dogs on the street , you have a huge time bomb for anger . The number of cases of anger has increased enormously in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be up from Lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind energy , but we have to work with governments , because the wind turbines do this to the birds . They cut them down for half .
They 're <unk> birds .
In West Africa , there 's a horrible trade of rabbits dead to serve the <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what 's it doing ? Well , we 're researching these birds . We are <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine its basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel across different countries , so we focus on a problem locally , it 's not going to be anything .
We have to work with governments at the regional level .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating the vultures , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide .
How can you help ? It can become assets , make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you , we need to focus on these very <unk> creatures , and you 'll spend your time to spread the word . Let 's get the word .
When you go out of this room , they 're going to tell you about rabbits , but talk to their families , with their children , with their neighbors on rabbits .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said it changed because he saw it fly without effort , no energy spending in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much poorer without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every thing I do professionally , all that I do professionally -- my life -- has been molded for seven years of work during Africa in Africa .
From 1971 to 1977 , `` young man , '' but I 'm not . I worked in Zambia , Algeria , Ivory Coast , Algeria and Somalia -- in technical cooperation projects with African countries .
I worked for an Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And I was quite disturbed .
I thought , the 21st , that Italians were good people , and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead , everything we were playing with it .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> of the <unk> , '' was a project where a Italians decided we decided to teach people from Zambia to growing food .
So , we got up with Italian seeds in Southern Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the <unk> River , and we teach the locals growing Italian tomatoes and plates .
Of course , people were not at all interested in doing that , because what they 're going to do to come to work , and sometimes they did n't arrive at each other , and we were amazed that local , in such fertile valley , they had no agriculture .
However , instead of asking you how it was possible that we did n't get anything , we just said , `` Thank God we are here , '' `` Right at time to save the people of Zambia from famine . ''
And of course , everything in Africa was grown beautifully .
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato would grow this size . In Zambia , to this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were telling them the <unk> : `` Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When tomatoes were cute , mature and red , overnight , about 200 <unk> appeared from the river and ate everything , and we said to the <unk> , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , we do n't have agriculture here , '' `` Why did n't they say ? '' `` You never asked . ''
I thought only the Italians would make mistakes in Africa , but then , I saw what Americans did , what the English was doing , what the French did , what the French did , and then to see what they were doing , I was quite proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , at least we feed them .
You 're going to see the waste -- let 's look at the waste that we would refer to people in Africa .
He wants to read a book , read `` dead aid '' from <unk> <unk> , economist <unk> .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western donors , have delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years .
I 'm not going to tell you about the damage that money has caused the money .
Just read his book .
<unk> from an African woman , the damage we 've done .
Westerners , Westerners , we are imperialists , missionary <unk> , and we treat people only two ways : or we 're sponsoring them , or we 're <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin root `` <unk> , '' which means `` father . ''
However , they mean two different things .
<unk> , I treat any of a different culture as if they were my kids , `` I want you a lot . ''
<unk> , I try all of the culture of a different culture like my servants were .
So the white people in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' chief .
That book gave me a slap in the face , `` The little thing is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said for everything about economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is to respect .
This morning , the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the floor and said , `` Can you imagine a city that 's not <unk> ? ''
I decided at 27 years , I 'm just going to answer people , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> where you never start anything , you 're never motivated anybody , but it becomes a local passion guy , the guy in the local people who have sleep to become a better person .
So what does you do ? You 're going to be angry .
It 's never coming into a community with an idea , and it 's sitting with the people in the locality .
We do n't work from offices .
We met in a coffee . We met in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give it an idea of someone .
If that person does n't want to do that , what 's going to do ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing .
And then , we helped them find knowledge , because nobody in the world can be successful .
The person with the idea may not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years and years ago , I had this idea : Why not us , for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , we hear them ? But not in community meetings .
I 'll tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs never run , and they will never tell you , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , which opportunity has identified .
So planning has this blind point .
The smartest people in their community , you do n't even know it , because they do n't do their public meetings .
What do we do ? We work on one , and we work face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You have to create a new profession .
The profession is the family member of the company , the family family doctor , who sets up with you in his home , in your kitchen table , in the coffee , and that helps him find the resources to transform his passion in a way of living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , Western Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time , trying to get away from this condescending trash where we 've got to tell you what to do .
In a year , I had 27 projects going on , and the government came to me to see , `` How can you do that ?
How can it do that ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very hard .
I fell down and I heard them . '' So , then the government says , `` Do again . '' We 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We have helped 40,000 businesses .
There 's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the greatest business advisers in history , died in '96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a philosophy professor before they got involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> says : `` planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative enterprise economy . ''
planning is the kiss from the death of the corporate spirit .
So now we <unk> reconstructing the Christchurch of what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn how to get these people to come to talk with you .
You have to offer them , you know , privacy , it has to be fantastic to help them , and then they 're going to go into mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we get 200 clients .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
What 's the show of you ?
Local people . That 's what you 've got on .
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is .
We 're at the end of the world 's first industrial revolution , not renewables , manufacturing -- and at one time , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way of sustaining machinery is not sustainable .
What we have to consider , is how do we organize it , heal , we educate , transport , communicate to seven billion people , in a sustainable way .
There 's no technologies to do that .
Who 's going to invent technology for the green revolution ? Are universities ? Forget it !
The government ? Forget it !
They 'll be the entrepreneurs and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that I read in a futuristic journal many , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year .
And in the year , she came up with this group of people , and they came up with this group of people , and I 'm going to figure out what would happen to New York City in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they analyzed the curve and talked about , if the population keeps growing up at this rate , to move to the population of New York around , <unk> six million of horses , and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address .
They were already thrown in manure . So , in 1860 , they were <unk> this dirty technology that <unk> the life of New York .
So what happens ? In the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States , <unk> companies , <unk> manufacturers .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there was very few , <unk> , factories in places .
Dearborn , Michigan . Henry Ford .
But there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First , you have to offer you .
Otherwise , they 're not going to talk to you .
Then , you have to offer an absolute , dedicated service .
And then afterwards , you 'll have to tell you the truth about that to start .
The youngest company , the biggest company , has to be able to do three wonderful things : the product you want to sell has to be fantastic , you have to tell with a fantastic marketing , and you have to tell with a great financial administration .
You know what ?
We 've never met a single human being in the world who can do , sell and search for money alone .
It does n't exist .
This is still not born .
We 've looked at and watching the 100 companies icons of the Carnegie , Westinghouse , Edison , Ford , all the new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There 's only one thing that 's all successful companies in the world have in common , only one : none of them started by one person .
Never the word `` me , '' but the word `` us '' -- 32 times .
He was n't just when he started .
No one starts one company alone . No one .
So , we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from a small business environment sitting in cafeterias , in bars along with their devoted comrades who are going to do for you , what someone did for this gentleman who speaks about this epic , someone who 's going to ask you , what does it need ?
What can you do ? Can you do it ?
OK , can you sell it ? Can you look for the money ? ''
`` Oh no , I ca n't do that . ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
Those of us around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't swap a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces .
In the last few years , I 've been trying to share more with my neighbors in the public space , with simple tools like <unk> , templates and chalk .
These projects came out of questions like : how much pay my neighbors over their apartments ?
How can we pay and borrow more things without calling the door at a bad moment ?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and better understanding our landscape ?
How do we share more our hopes for empty stores so that our communities can reflect today our needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans , and I 'm in love with New Orleans .
My soul always finds relief with the giant <unk> <unk> <unk> and <unk> and <unk> for centuries and I trust a city .
It always gives you the music , and there 's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one with the largest number of abandoned properties of the U.S .
I live close to this house and thought how it could turn it into a <unk> space for the neighborhood , and also in something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost someone who loved a lot .
It was Joan , like a mother for me .
His death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And that made me a deep gratitude for the time lived .
It gave clarity to the significant things about my life today .
But let 's keep this look in my daily life .
It seems to me that it 's easy to be catching up by the day and forget what 's really important for you .
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this home , abandoned board on a giant board , and he painted on it sentences to complete , `` Before I die I want ... ''
So , as I could take a piece of chalk , reflect on their lives and sharing personal aspirations in public space .
I did n't know what to wait for this experiment , but the next day , the wall was filled with , and he was still <unk> .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
Before I die I want to be judged by piracy , '' `` Before I die I want to sit down on the date line . ''
Before I die I want to sing for millions of people . ''
Before I die I want to plant a tree . ''
Before I die I want to live outside the Web .
Before I die I want to get you again . ''
Before we die , I want to go to somebody 's rescue . ''
Before I die I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh , I was scared , and they gave me comfort in difficult moments .
It 's about knowing that you are not alone . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new and <unk> ways , and it 's about giving up the reflection and contemplation , and to remember what 's most important to us as you grow and we change .
This happened last year and started receiving hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall .
So with my colleagues in the civic center , we made a kit , and now they 've got walls in countries around the world , like Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , Argentina and beyond .
And together we proved the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express ourselves and share each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people .
In our age of distraction to increase , it 's more important than ever , to find ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is brief and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I understood that we prepare for death is one of those things that we would make more power .
Think about death <unk> our life .
Our shared spaces can better reflect what we care as individuals and as a community and with more means to share hope , fears and stories , people around us not only can help improve places , can help to improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have a single request today .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my brothers .
<unk> is 22 , and it 's very hot .
It does n't talk , but transmitting joy as some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
You share this unconditionally .
It 's not <unk> . You do n't look at the color of the skin .
I do n't care about religious differences , and notice about this : Never lied .
When I singing our childhood songs , trying to say words that I could n't even remember me , it reminds me of one thing : the little thing we know about the mind and the wonderful thing to be the unknown .
Samuel is 16 . It 's high . It 's very hot .
It has the most pristine memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole me my <unk> , but he remembers the year that every one of my iPod 's songs , conversations that we kept when I was four years old , get to pee on my arm during the first episode of <unk> and Lady Gaga Gaga .
Is n't it amazing ?
But most people disagree with .
And in fact , because their minds do n't fit into the concept of normal society , they 're often ignored and <unk> .
But what it propelled my heart and <unk> my soul was that even if that was the case , even though you would n't consider them within the ordinary , it could only mean one thing : that they were extraordinary and remarkable .
Now , for those less familiar with the term `` autism , '' is a complex brain disorder that affects social communication , to learning and sometimes the physical skills .
In each individual , it manifests itself differently , that <unk> is so different to Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes , you 're diagnosed with a new case of autism , and even though it 's one of the disorders of development that the fastest up in the world , there is no cause or cure .
I do n't remember my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without him .
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new to be in my life .
When a few months passed , I realized that he was different .
It was a lot .
I did n't want to play like the other babies and , in fact , it did n't seem very interested in me at all .
He lived in life and he looked in his own world , with his own rules , and I found pleasure in the smaller things , like putting cars in row around the room , looking at the washing machine and eat anything that had between the middle .
As I grew up , it became more different , and the differences became more apparent .
But beyond the <unk> , the frustration and the endless hyperactivity , there was something really unique : a pure and innocent nature , a child that sees the world without prejudice , a human being I had never lied .
Extraordinary .
I ca n't deny that there 's been some difficult moments in my family , moments in which I wish they were just like me .
But I look back to things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that they 're things that would n't want to change by normal .
The normal passes through the beauty that they give us differences , and the fact of being different does n't mean that some of them are wrong .
It just means there 's a different view of what 's right .
If I could reach one thing at <unk> and to Sam , you would be that you do n't have to be normal .
They can be remarkable .
Because , autistic or not , the differences we have -- they 're a gift , each one of us has a gift inside and honestly , the search for normal is the latest sacrifice of the potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and change die at the time where we 're trying to be like others .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit of what was going to be Alicia in the Country of Wonders .
Penn State asked me , a communications teacher , to give a class of communication to engineering students .
He was scared . It was really scared . They 're really proud of these students with their great minds , their big books and their big , unknown words .
But when those conversations came , I felt what Alice must have felt when I fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world .
Just as I felt when I had those conversations with students , I was surprised the ideas they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world .
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication .
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are attacking our larger challenges , from energy to environment and health care , among others , and if we do n't know this , the work is not done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these great conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers do n't invite us to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please have <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure you can see that your science is sexy and your engineering is sexy .
First question to <unk> : and then what ?
Let 's tell you why science is relevant to us .
They do n't just tell us you just study <unk> , but they study <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when you 're describing their science , you care with the jargon .
The jargon is an obstacle to our understanding of their ideas .
You can say , `` spatial and temporary , '' but why not say `` space and time , '' which is much more accessible to us ?
<unk> accessible is not the same thing as stupid .
Instead , as Einstein said , everything is as simple as possible , but not simple .
You can clearly communicate their science without compromise .
One thing to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , and they are ways of fridge , and they 're doing it with their content .
And by presenting her work , forget about the signs of `` bullet . ''
You 've wondered why they 're called `` bullets '' ? What do you do the bullets ? You kill them , and they 're going to kill their presentation .
A <unk> like this is not only boring , but it 's supporting too much in the language area of our brain , and we 're going to take it up .
Instead , this <unk> example of <unk> Brown is much more effective , and it shows that the special structure of <unk> is so strong that it really inspired the only design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple , legible phrase that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit , and then we will provide graphs that we 'll think about our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what it is described .
I think these are just some key ones that can help others open up the door and look at the country of wonders that is science and engineering .
And so , scientists and engineers , when you 've solved this equation , all the media , you know , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words from all the Oxford English Dictionary is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds very well .
And `` <unk> '' means `` dishonest policy . ''
Although there was a journalism publisher in the 19th century that defined it much better when he said , `` A <unk> ' is that he 's looking for a public charge no matter , or platform or principle , and that , when he wins , he gets it by the mere use of a monumental <unk> <unk> . ''
I have no idea what it means `` <unk> . ''
Something to do with words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the basis in politics , and that all politicians know they have to try to master language .
It was n't until , for example , I would argue that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words they were saying in the parliamentary camera .
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the rare name of <unk> <unk> , who was faced by Parliament .
They put in the London Tower , and he was incarcerated , but he had enough of the courage to cope with them , and eventually he had such a popular support in London that won .
And just a few years later , we had the first record use of the phrase `` <unk> <unk> like this . ''
Most people think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's by a advocate of freedom of expression .
But to show you really how words and politics interact , I want you to come back to America , just after independence .
So , they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , his leader .
They did n't know .
What about the leader of a Republican country ?
This was debated in Congress for a long time .
They were presented all kinds of suggestions that you could have <unk> .
Some people wanted to call him the head of Washington , and others , `` His <unk> George Washington , '' and other `` <unk> from the U.S. People ' <unk> . ''
Not very appealing .
Some people just wanted to call him `` King . ''
They thought it was about tested .
And they were n't even with it , they had the idea that you could be elected King by a given deadline .
And they could have served .
The whole world got up enormously so much , because this debate was going down for three weeks .
I read the daily <unk> newspaper , and I would always write , `` still with this issue . ''
Which caused the delay and <unk> was that the House of Detroit was in against the Senate .
The House of Representatives did n't want Washington to be empowered .
They did n't want to call it King for whether he was giving him or his successor to ideas .
So they wanted to give him the most modest , more insignificant title and more unfortunate .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . They did n't invent the title . It did n't exist before , but it only meant `` someone who would take a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have much more <unk> than the term `` foreman '' is , or `` <unk> . ''
There were <unk> presidents of little colonial <unk> and fractions , but it was really a insignificant title .
And that 's why the Senate fell in .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call it President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treated and met with foreigners . ''
`` And who 's going to take a title of such ridiculous and insignificant title like President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did not give up .
We can learn three interesting things about this .
First of all , and this is my favorite , until I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never been translated by the President 's title .
President Barack Obama 's lucky to go there , waiting for the Senate in action .
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is a temporary measure , it 's possible that we 're waiting for a <unk> more .
But the third thing that we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and with this , I want to leave you , is that the President of the President of America does n't sound as modest today , right now ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads over the world , the largest economy of the world and a fleet of airborne air vehicles and so on .
The reality and the story has taken the title of <unk> .
So , the Senate won the Senate .
They got their title of <unk> .
And also the other concern of the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness -- well , it was a uniqueness of time .
But do you know how many nations have the president now ?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear warheads , etc .
So , at the end , the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost , because no one 's going to feel humble , when you tell you , they 're now the President of the United States .
And I think that 's the great lesson that we can learn , and that I 'd like to leave you with .
The politicians are trying to choose and use words to shape and use reality , but actually actually change the words that are much more the words that these could change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 meters underground in an illegal mine in Ghana .
The air is loaded with heat and dust , and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices that speak , but above all , this cacophony of <unk> male and stones were primitive tools .
Like the others , I carry a cheap light lamp attached to the head with this <unk> rubber head and I can barely tell the branches of the branches that hold the walls of that hole in a meter which drops hundreds of feet on the ground .
And I was stripped out of my hand , and suddenly I remember a miner I met days , who lost control and fell countless feet in that well .
While I 'm talking to you today , these men are deep down that hole at risk , their lives , no reward , and often dying .
And I went home , and I went home , but they may never do it , because they 're prey for slavery .
In the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in over 70 continents in six continents in 2009 , in 2009 , I had the great honor to be the only <unk> at the Vancouver Peace Summit .
Among all the amazing people I met there , I met a <unk> in <unk> , an NGO that 's dedicated to eradicating modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery , and I really started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world , but not such a degree .
When we ended up talking to me , I was honestly embarrassed to ignore this atrocity of our days , and I thought , if I do n't know , how many people do n't know ?
He made me a <unk> knot , and weeks later , I flew in Los Angeles to meet the director of the <unk> and offer my help .
So , my journey to modern slavery started .
Interestingly , I had been in many of these sites .
Some of them even , even , considered my second home .
But this time , <unk> dirty rags .
A conservative calculation says that there 's more than 27 million people in the world .
It 's twice the amount of displaced Africans throughout the whole tries of <unk> .
150 years ago , the cost of a farmer farmer was about three times the annual salary of an American worker .
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today .
But today , today you can be enslaving entire families by generations of $ 18 dollars .
Amazingly , slavery generates over $ 13 billion per year worldwide .
Many have been fooled by good education promises and better work to then find that they are forced to work without paying , under threat of violence and ca n't escape .
So today slavery operates in trade , the goods produced by slaves have value , but those produce are disposable .
The slavery exists in almost everybody , and yet it 's illegal around the world .
In India and Nepal , I met bricks in bricks .
This strange and formidable show was like entering old Egypt or the hell of Dante .
<unk> in a temperature of 54 C , men , women , children , in fact , whole families wrapped up in a heavy blanket <unk> stack of bricks in their heads , until 18 at the time , and they take them from hot restaurants to trucks that are at hundreds of feet .
<unk> by monotony and tiredness is silent , doing this task , and again for 16 hours a day .
There was no coffee to eat , not to drink , and the severe <unk> made it hard to pee out pretty inconsequential .
So <unk> were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot in touch and stopped working .
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean up the equipment and make it work with air conditioning to <unk> and , sitting there , thought , my camera gets a much better treatment for these people .
Back in the oven , I wanted to cry , but the <unk> I was on my side quickly quickly grabbed me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do it . Do n't do it here . ''
And he explained very clearly that to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not just for me , but for them .
I could n't offer any direct help .
I could n't give you money , nothing .
I was n't a citizen of that country .
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already .
I had to rely on <unk> the <unk> and work within the system for his release and trusted .
For me , I waited to get home to feel my heart shattered .
In the Himalayas , I found children carrying stones for miles on mountain terrain to trucks waiting .
Those big biggest ones were heavier than the children who charge them and children hold them down to their heads with <unk> home , strings and rags .
It 's hard to see something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something so insidious and so ubiquitous ?
Some people do n't even know they 're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without intending it because this has been this whole life .
They have nothing to compare .
When these villagers <unk> their freedom , the <unk> burned their homes .
When we hear the word slavery often , we often think of sexual trafficking , and because of this world awareness told me that it would be difficult for me to work safely in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , I was <unk> of women who had been previously previously been sexual slavery .
I got up to a <unk> stairs that were giving this dirty basement , <unk> light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was rather a restaurant .
<unk> , as you know in the craft , are local for forced prostitution .
They have small rooms , private , where the slavery <unk> with their girls and children , some of them just seven years -- are forced to entertain the customers and to help them buy more food and alcohol .
Each one is dark and dirty , identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sexual abuse with their clients .
And standing in the twilight , I remember a fear acute fear , and in that instant , I could barely imagine what it should be caught in that hell .
I only had one way : the stairs where I came in .
There was no hind doors .
There were no big windows like to climb up .
Those people do n't have <unk> , and because we played a difficult issue , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual trafficking , is happening around us .
There are hundreds of people involved in agriculture , in restaurants , in the domestic service and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as a sex slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
<unk> are another activity that often relate to their slave labor .
I went to Indian villages in which there were Indian families <unk> in the trade of silk .
This is a family portrait .
The black hands of black are the father , the blue <unk> of blue and red , of his children .
<unk> <unk> in these large barrels and boiling silk , but that 's toxic .
My performer told me the stories .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
`` We still hope , though , we can get out of this house someday and go to another place where we 're actually paying us our job . ''
It 's estimated that there are over 4,000 children , they 're enslaved in Lake Volta , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we arrived , I went to take a quick look .
I saw what seemed to be a fishermen 's family on a ship , two older brothers , some younger kids , some sense of meaning right ?
Wrong . They were all slaves .
Kids are separated from their trafficked families , missing them and forced them to work extensive on these boats in the lake , despite not knowing swimming .
This boy is eight years old .
When our boat came up , he was shivering ; it 's a little bit that his little canoe was going to be <unk> .
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water .
The branches of the trees plunged into Lake Volta often trap networks and children , and fear and fear , lies in the water to unleash the branches .
Many are drown .
Of course , it 's always been forced to work in the lake .
To fear his love is not going to flee and , like all life has been treated , <unk> about the youngest slaves under their command .
I met these guys at five in the morning , when they came up with the last networks , but they had been working on the top .
It 's at the cold and windy night .
And it 's going to point out that these networks weigh more than 400 pounds when they 're packed with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi .
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village .
I met him in a shelter where the <unk> <unk> <unk> victims .
Kofi symbolizes as possible .
Who 's going to be because of somebody decided to make a difference in their life ?
I went through a road in Ghana with <unk> partners , and a partner <unk> with his motorbike suddenly sped up and <unk> our car and touched the window .
He asked us to break it out on a land path to the forest .
At the end of the way , we were going to get away from the car , and he asked the driver to come out quickly .
Then he pointed out this path just visible and said , `` This is the path , this is the path . Come on . ''
As we started to go down , we took away the <unk> that we would take on the way and after walking around an hour , we found that the path was <unk> by the recent rains , so I put the pictures of photos on my head as it <unk> in these waters to the chest .
After two hours of walking , the <unk> path ended up in a clear , and we had a mass of holes that I could fit into a football field , and they were all full of workers coming up .
Many women had children strapped on their backs , and as they were looking for gold , they walked into water , they walked into the water with mercury .
<unk> is used in the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved in a well in another part of Ghana .
When they came out of the pump , they were locked in their own sweat .
I remember looking up his eyes , <unk> , given that many had been underground for 72 hours .
The wells are up to 90 feet , and these people carry heavy stone bags that then will be transported to another area in which we 're putting the stone out to get the gold .
At the first view , the site seems to be filled with strong , <unk> men , but , if we look closer , at the end , we see how much other people do and also children .
They 're all victims of injuries , diseases and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this bully will end up as this victim of tuberculosis victim and poisoning us through mercury in a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died his uncle took him to work with him in the mines .
When she died his uncle , you know , she was going to inherit the debt of the uncle who force it to be a slave in the mines .
When I met him , I 'd worked in the 14 year-old mines and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so severe that the doctors said it must be .
In addition to that , <unk> has tuberculosis , and yet it 's forced to work at night and day in that mine .
Even so , he dreams about being liberated and educated with local activists like <unk> the <unk> , and it 's this kind of determination , from face to a remote possibility , which inspires me a lot .
I want to throw light on slavery .
Did you know that your images would be seen by you around the world .
I wanted you to know that we 'll be testimony to them and we will do everything to help change their lives .
I really believe that if we can see each other as human beings , then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not magazine . They 're from people , real people , like you and me , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There is no day that I do n't think about these many beautiful , beautiful people , who I 've had the great honor to meet .
I hope these images wake up a force in those who you see , in people like you , and I hope that it will turn into a fire and that fire <unk> light on slavery because , without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in shadows .
Thank you very much .
I do math math , and there 's a peculiar problem for whom it does : we 're like the management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So I 'm going to try and try and explain what I do .
Dance is one of the most human activities .
We would give us the <unk> of the ballet <unk> and the <unk> dancers that we 'll see later .
But the ballet is a kind of extraordinary training , a high skill level and probably some initial fitness , which may well have a genetic component .
Unfortunately , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease , destroy this extraordinary skill , as it does with my friend Jan <unk> , who , at his time , was a virtuous of ballet dancing .
In the last few years , it 's made a lot of progress on treatment .
However , there are <unk> million people in the world who are sick and have to deal with an incurable weakness , tremor , stiffness , and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure the progress in an objective way and , ultimately , the only way we 'll know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective metric , and we need to get it out .
But it 's frustrating for Parkinson 's and other disorders of the movement there are no biological <unk> . That 's why they do n't serve the blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurological exam for 20 minutes .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means that out of the clinical trials , they never do .
And what if patients could do it at home ?
That would save a trip to the clinic , what if patients could have the exam themselves ?
I would n't need to be staff .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic .
So what I want to propose to you as a <unk> way , you see , in a certain sense at least , we 're all <unk> as my friend Jan <unk> .
This is a video of vocal cords .
It shows someone healthy as it emits sounds at talking . We can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet , because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds , and we all have the genes necessary . The <unk> , for example .
And as ballet , it requires an extraordinary training level .
Let 's think about time that leads to a child to learn to speak .
From sound , we can track the position of vocal chords as they vibrate , and as well as Parkinson 's affects the limbs , it also affects the vocal organs .
On the bottom trace , you can see a irregular tremor of vocal chords .
We see the same symptoms .
vocal , weakness and stiffness .
The speech gets more quiet and <unk> after a while , and this is an example of the symptoms .
How do you compare these testing tests with the specialized clinical trials ? Well , they 're both <unk> .
The neurologic test is not minimally ; they use existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them .
Both are skillful . Well , also , the exams that are not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They do very quickly , they take about 30 seconds like a lot .
They 're at least cost and we all know what happens .
When something has been so low : it appears to scale .
These are some amazing lists to address .
We can reduce the patient 's difficulties .
I would n't have to go to the clinic for the <unk> .
With high-frequency monitoring , we could get the data goals .
We could make a massive <unk> recruiting for clinical trials , and for the first time , <unk> doable on scale .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it 's too late .
So , by giving the first steps in that sense , we are launching the Parkinson 's <unk> Initiative .
Along with <unk> and <unk> , we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals .
We have local lines for about 750 million people in the world .
Either one , with no Parkinson 's , it can be called at the price and leaving recordings for about pennies , and I 'm pleased to announce that we 've reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all these samples from , say 10,000 people , you can say who 's healthy and who does n't ?
What will you take from these samples ?
Max Little : Yeah , yeah . What happens is that during the call , you have to indicate if you have or not the disease . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people can do n't go through it . You may not finish it .
But we 're going to get a very big sample of data going on in different circumstances and doing it in different circumstances is important because we 're looking at <unk> of the <unk> of the disease .
TR : Do you have 86 percent precision at this moment ?
<unk> : much more than that .
In fact , my student <unk> , I have to <unk> , has done a fantastic job , and now it has shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well , what we 'll do is you know what the project is -- now we have 99 percent precision .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Absolutely .
TR : Thank you very much . Max Little , public .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March , 2011 , <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We 're <unk> creatures .
We 're focusing on the dark , in no windows and , by the general , we avoid sunlight .
We do the thin <unk> models , the perfect skin even more perfect , we do the impossible , possible and criticize us in the press all the time , but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste for images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my house , just like the rest of the world , the tragic events that were happening in Japan .
Shortly after , an organization where he was voluntary , <unk> <unk> , was in the place working as part of the response team .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers , we knew we could n't stay sitting at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On May 13 , I traveled to <unk> .
It 's a small fishing village at the <unk> of <unk> of almost 50,000 people , one of the first people affected by the wave .
The level of water has reached over 24 feet , over 24 miles the inside .
As you can imagine , the town was devastated .
We bring rubble from the channels and the ditches .
They ate schools . We dropped out the slime houses , and we leave the lists to be <unk> and <unk> .
We took tons and tons of dead , smelly fish in the local factory .
We loved it , and we loved it .
For weeks , both volunteers like the neighbors found similar things .
They found pictures and photographs of photos and camera cards .
Everybody did the same .
<unk> and bring them to different places of the villages around to make them .
It was n't until I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered .
While he was running out of the wave , and to save their lives , they had to abandon absolutely everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help in a rescue center .
It helped clean up the communal bathrooms , gigantic , gigantic <unk> .
This place turned out to be in addition to the town where the camera center would pick up the photos .
And there they had the honor of that day , and I had the honor that I 'm going to do to clean up the photos .
This was exhilarating and inspiring , I had heard the expression of thinking beyond the horizons , but it was n't until I moved beyond myself my horizons that something happened .
When I looked at the photos , I found some that had more than a hundred years , some of them still were in the lab in the lab , I could n't stop thinking about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> , and I knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night I came into Facebook meeting some of them , and the next morning , the answer was so overwhelming and positive , that I knew we had to try .
So we started to tinker with the photos .
This was the first of all .
It was n't too windy , but where water had <unk> the face of the girl , I had to get cleaned up with a lot of precision and it 's all about .
And otherwise that little girl would n't look like it , and that would be as tragic as we have the spoiled picture .
Over the time , they came by lucky pictures , and they needed more <unk> , so it 's got to go back on Facebook and LinkedIn , and five days later 80 people from 12 countries volunteered to help .
Within two weeks , I had 150 people trying to join .
In Japan , in July , we mobilized ourselves , a neighbor village to the north of <unk> .
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporary temporary libraries that had been installed , where people were going to reclaim their pictures .
The time it took in <unk> is a different story , it depended on of course <unk> of the photos .
It could take an hour . It could take weeks .
It could take months .
This <unk> had to draw in virtually a hand , using the areas whose color and detail had no destroyed .
It took a long time .
The water destroyed all of these pictures submerged in saltwater , covered in bacteria , with algae , even with oil , all of that , with the time I continue to <unk> , and that 's why I 'm holding my hand up , was an important part of the project .
We could n't know the picture at least at least that it was clean , dry , and had been <unk> by his own .
We were lucky enough to hand .
We tell the guide of a remarkable neighbor .
It 's very easy to harm even more the photos already .
As a <unk> once said , the leader of my group is like making a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky in relation to the photos .
He had begun to <unk> her , but he stopped realizing that it 's even more .
I also had replication .
Without them , the images of her husband and their own face would n't have been able to rebuild , we were able to break the images into a single picture and tinker with the whole picture .
When I collected his pictures shared something of his story with us .
One of his husband 's colleagues found the photos in a fire station in a long rubble where he used to be his home , but his colleagues recognized it .
The tsunami , her husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
It had to go inside the water while <unk> <unk> .
Their children , not so small now , but their two children were at school , in different schools .
One of them was trapped in the water .
He took a week to find his entire family and know that everybody had survived .
The day I gave her his youngest son for 14 years .
For her , despite all of this , those photos were the best gift I could do , something that he could remember from the past that would n't have been beaten up on that March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed .
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined in there , hundreds of them were helped to wipe out by hand over 500,000 photographs the vast majority -- the great majority -- the great majority of their owners got their own owners .
More than 500 volunteers all over the world helped us bring back to 90 families , hundreds of photos , and they 've got a hundred and <unk> pictures .
During this time , we really do n't spend more than $ 1,000 in teams and materials , most of them in ink for printers .
We took pictures constantly .
A picture is a memory of someone or something , a relationship , somebody loved it .
These are <unk> of our memories and stories , the last thing we would take , but the first thing you would do to look at .
This was about this project , to restore small pieces of humanity , to give back to someone their connection with the past .
When a picture of it comes back to someone , it 's a huge difference in the person 's life that you get .
This project also made a big difference in the life of <unk> .
Some of them connected to something bigger , to give back something , using their talent to something that they 're not a perfect skin models .
I 'd like to finish this email . I 'd send him Cindy the day I came back from Japan after six months .
As I <unk> , I could n't stop thinking about people and the stories shown in the images .
One in particular , a photo with women of different ages from the grandmother to the little girl , gathering around a baby , was moved , because a similar picture of my grandmother my grandmother , my mother , me and my newborn daughter born , hangs out of our wall .
In the entire world , all of our basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc <unk> inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple on an apple on one millionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go for a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion , but one trillion frames per second .
I present to you a new kind of photography : <unk> -- a new technique that can create video slow motion of light in motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that you can see after corners , beyond the line of vision , or see the interior of the body without touching X-rays , and really challenge the camera idea .
If I take a laser pointer , and I turn it on and put it on a second <unk> or whether it 's , in many ways , to create a photons package of just one millimeter wide .
And that <unk> package , that bullet , travel to the speed of light , and again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
If you take that bullet and this bullet package and we shoot in this bottle , how do you disperse those photons into this bottle ?
What 's the aspect of light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- remember that all of this happens in less than a <unk> is what it takes to travel to the light .
But this video is 10 billion times slower , so you can see light in motion .
Coca-Cola did n't take this research . There are a lot of things in this film ; we 'll take this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet goes into the bottle with a little photons package that starts <unk> and that , within , it starts to <unk> .
Part of the light goes off , goes to the table , and we started to see these ripples .
Many of the photons finally come to the cover and then explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's an air bubble that 's bouncing inside .
In that time , the waves travel down the table and because of the insights on the top , you see in the bottom of the bottle , after several frames , that the insights will concentrate .
Now , if you take a common <unk> and we make it run the same distance , and we see it in slow motion to about 10 billion times , how much do you think it would take us sit down to see that film ?
One week ? A week ? Actually , a whole year .
It would be a very boring film of a motion slow .
And what about a dead nature ?
You can see the waves coming from the table , the tomato and the wall of the background .
It 's like throwing a stone on a pond .
It 's the way nature looks a picture , I thought , from a <unk> at the time , but of course , our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at this tomato , you 'll notice that , as the light takes over the tomato , it 's shining . It does n't be dark .
Why ? Because the tomato is ripe , and light bounces inside and goes back after several <unk> of a second .
In the future , when this <unk> is in your cell phones , you can go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it .
What do we create this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if we take a shot at the low exhibition , it comes in very little light .
But we 're going to go to a billion times faster than the shortest exposure , so I 'll just get into some light .
We sent that bullet , that <unk> package , millions of times , and we recorded this photons and over and over with a very cleverly , we took those gigabytes of data and <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all of those things in raw data and sort of interesting things .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a superhero future would allow him to see behind corners ?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door , <unk> , enter the room , one part is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
And that 's where we could extract these multiple light bulbs .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall is a mannequin and <unk> the light on the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications .
And a small fraction of the photons will come back to the camera , but interestingly , in slightly different times .
And as we have a camera that works so fast , our <unk> , has unique capabilities .
It has very good patient resolution , and it can look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances to the door and also the hidden objects , but we do n't know what point corresponds to what a distance .
When you project a laser , you can record a picture on gross , which , you see on the screen , it really does n't make any sense .
But we 're going to take a lot of images like this , dozens of images , and we 'll be able to analyze the multiple light bulbs , and with that , we can see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that avoid collisions with what 's going on the curve .
Or we could search for survivors in dangerous conditions by looking at the light reflected in open windows .
Or we could build <unk> , able to look inside the body through <unk> , and the same for <unk> .
But of course , because of the tissue and the blood of this is quite difficult , so actually this is a request to scientists to start thinking about <unk> as a new visualization form to solve the problems of living in health imaging .
So as Doc <unk> , he himself was a scientist , it became art in art , an art of photographs .
I realized that all of the gigabytes of data that we collect every time are not just for scientific visualizations , but we can see that .
To create a new form of computational photography with slow motion and color code .
And look at those waves . Remember , time between each of those waves is just a few <unk> .
But here 's also a fun thing .
If we look at the waves under the lid , you get away from us .
The waves should move towards us .
What happens here ?
It turns out , as we 're recording almost at the speed of light , we have strange effects . A Einstein would have loved seeing this image .
The order that the events happen in the world sometimes appears to be invested in the camera .
Let 's reduce the corresponding warping of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's time . Thank you .
Hello . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile can change life , and it gives you individual freedom .
With a mobile phone , you can prescribe a crime against humanity in Syria .
With a cell phone you can tweet a message and starting a protest in Egypt .
With a cell phone , you can record a song , and move it into <unk> and get famous .
This is all possible with a cell phone .
I 'm a <unk> of 1984 and live in the city of Berlin .
Let 's go back to that moment , to this city .
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting for a change .
This is the fall of 1989 , and imagine if all of these people gathering them in search of a change , they had a cell phone in your pocket .
Who from presenting a mobile phone here ?
<unk> .
Raise your mobile phones , <unk> !
<unk> . An Android , a Blackberry , wow !
It 's a lot . Almost everyone today has a mobile .
But today , I 'm talking about myself , my mobile phone , and how I changed life .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 <unk> of information .
gross data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the E.U on the E.U . I presented a directive .
The <unk> of data .
This directive says every European telephone company , every single Internet provider , has to store a wide range of information from the users .
Who calls who . Who sends an email to who .
Who 's sent a text to who .
And if we use your mobile phone , where we are .
All this information is stored for at least six months , and to two years , in your phone company , or your Internet provider .
And in all Europe , people stood up and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this database .
We want the self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want the telephone and the Internet providers , and the Internet providers is stored all this information about us .
There was lawyers , journalists , priests , they all said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about ten thousand people who went out to the streets of Berlin , and they said , `` Freedom , not fear . ''
And some of them even said this would be <unk> 2.0 .
<unk> was the secret police of East Germany .
And I also asked myself if this works really works .
Can you store all this information about us ?
So every time I use your mobile phone ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , who then was the largest phone company in Germany , which is why I would get all the information they had about me .
I asked them once , and I went back and asked them , and I did n't get a concrete answer . It was all blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information , because you 're getting my life . ''
So I decided to do a lawsuit on court , because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , you 're not going to give this information .
In the end , they agreed .
It would send me the demand , and they would send me the information that I asked .
Meanwhile , the German <unk> Court failed <unk> for the German law of the E.U .
So I got this ugly on brown with a CD inside .
And on the CD there was this .
Thirty and 5,000 <unk> <unk> of information .
And I first saw them and said , well , it 's a huge file . OK .
But after a while I realized that it 's my life .
There 's six months of my life in this file .
It was a bit skeptical : what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I spend the night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to come out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what the retention of data means .
So , along with <unk> Online and Open City , we did this .
This is a two-hour visualization of my life .
You can zoom in and move away , go back and forwards .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how I 'm going to throw it on the train to <unk> , and what often I call the journey .
This is all possible with this information .
That 's a little bit of fear .
But it 's not just me .
It 's all of us .
First , there are things like , I call my wife and she calls me a couple of times .
Then they call me some friends , and they 're called between them .
And then you call the other one , and the other one , and we ended up with this great network of communications .
You can see how your people communicate to each other , what time they call each other , what time they have to sleep .
You can see all of this .
You can see the centers , the leaders of the group .
If you have access to this information , you can see what the society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the shape of your society , because you know who speaks to who , who 's calling an email to who , who , all of this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is recorded at least six months in Europe , and to two years .
As I said at the beginning , imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin , in the fall of 1989 , they had a cell phone in your pocket .
And the <unk> had known who I participated in this protest , and if the <unk> had known who leaders were , this would never happen .
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never happen .
And as a result , they also do n't have the fall of the Iron Age .
Because today , city agencies and companies want to store as much information of us as possible within and out of the web .
They want to have the ability to follow our lives and they want to store them forever .
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight for self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When you go home , tell your friends that privacy is a value of the 21st century , and it 's not fashionable .
When you go home , tell your representative that just because companies and state agencies can store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what about you store you .
So in the future , every time you use your cell phones that help them to remember that they have to fight for self-determination in the digital age .
Thank you .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
Not enough .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call me <unk> <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor who brought me to the world .
Let me hold my mom six times in six different directions , <unk> the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , which is why I 'm going to spend all the time .
Watch .
It 's exhausting .
And Muhammad , Al .
P. C is not genetics .
It 's not <unk> , it can contract .
No one <unk> the uterus of my mother and not <unk> because my parents were cousins , although they are .
It just happens by accidents , like the one that I was born at birth .
Now I warn you , I 'm not an inspiration source . And I do n't want any of the people here .
It feels bad for me , because at some point in life , you want to be disabled .
Let 's walk .
Christmas Christmas , are they in the mall , drive in circles for parking lot and what do you see ?
16 empty places for the disabled .
And they think , `` God , can I be at least a little bit disabled ? ''
Also , I tell you , I have 99 problems , and P. C is just one of them .
There was a <unk> of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I am Palestinian , Muslim , woman , disabled and alive in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , you might have to do it .
I 'm from <unk> Park , in New Jersey .
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same initials .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York , I could .
Many people with cerebral palsy do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe in `` You ca n't . ''
The mantra of my father was , `` You can [ cannon ] , dance <unk> . ''
If my three older sisters <unk> , I wiped out .
If my three older sisters were going to the public school , my parents went to the school system , and they would come from me as well as I was , and if we did n't take all of the top grade , we all took the <unk> of my mother .
My father taught me to walk the five years to put my heel in his feet and just walking .
Another tactic I used was to hang on a dollar in front of me , so that it 's <unk> .
The <unk> that I carry in was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in the kindergarten I was walking as a boxing champion who has received a lot of taps .
Growing up , there was only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family .
Now there are 20 Arabs , and it 's still all of the family , and I think nobody realized we were n't an Italian .
This was before 9/11 , and that politicians would think appropriate to use , `` I hate Muslims . ''
The people that I grew up with did n't have problems with my faith .
However , it seemed to be <unk> a lot to starve during the <unk> .
I told them that he had enough fat to live three months old without eating , so fast at dawn at sunset is very easy .
I danced on Broadway .
Yeah , on Broadway . It 's crazy . My parents could n't afford physical therapy , so I was sent to dance school .
I learned to dance with heels , whatever I can walk with heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and we want to be <unk> , so if my friends were wearing heels , I too .
And when my friends were going to spend the summer vacation on the Jersey coast , I was n't going .
I was going on my summers in a war zone , because my parents were afraid if we do n't go back to Palestine every summer , we would get in Madonna .
On the summer vacation , my father was often about <unk> , so I would drink deer milk , I would get me warm cups , I 'd put me up in the Dead Sea , and I remember the water going to my eyes and I thought , `` It works , it works !
But the miracle cure was yoga .
I should say it 's very boring , but before doing yoga , I was a stand-up comedian who could n't stand up [ booth ] .
And now I can stand on my head .
My parents gave up this idea that I could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be in the General Hospital membership .
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the <unk> , University of the State of Arizona , because I was in every <unk> .
It was like the <unk> pet of the theater department .
Everyone loved me .
I did all the tasks of the least smart , I took the maximum note in my classes , and also in their classes .
Every time I did a scene of crystal zoo , my <unk> teachers .
But I never got a role .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to make a piece called slow dance in Jackson .
It 's a work of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at the four winds : `` The end will have a role !
I have cerebral palsy !
At the end of it ! At free .
Thank God all-powerful , finally , I 'm free . ''
I did n't get the paper . They gave it to <unk> Brown .
I went to <unk> to the director of the theater department , crying , as if someone had killed my cat , ask him why and she told me that because they thought I could n't do the stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do the stunts , you ca n't do the character . ''
It was a role that was literally born and gave an actor without cerebral palsy .
College was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a <unk> story of <unk> actors for disabled papers .
When I graduated , I went back home , and my first <unk> tour was kind of an extra amount of extra .
My dream became true .
And I knew he would be <unk> by `` mate '' to `` mate '' in a <unk> .
Instead , I stayed there like a vase , I would n't see me more than the back of the back of the head , and it was clear to me that directors of setting is not white actors , not white , with disability .
You just go to perfect people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up looking at Goldberg <unk> , <unk> <unk> , Ellen , and all of these women had one thing in common : they were comedians .
So I made it <unk> .
In my first tour tour , I took famous comic books from New York to New Jersey , and I will never forget the face of the first comedy that he took when she fell at the end of the New Jersey highway with a driver who had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , without censorship and without veil .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I know you 've never heard that little nasty <unk> saying that women are not fun , and they 're really fun .
In 2003 , my brother 's brother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the New York City Festival Festival now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of the <unk> in the media , and at the time remind the <unk> directors that <unk> and Arabic are not <unk> .
It was much easier to fight against the challenge of disability for disability .
My great opportunity came in 2010 .
I was like invited to the news news program on cable with Keith <unk> .
I walked as if it went to a graduation dance , I took a studio and they sat in a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal and I said , `` Excuse me , can you give me another chair ? ''
And she looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two ... ''
And we were live !
So I hold onto the presenter 's desk to do n't go out of the screen during the segment , and when I finished the interview , he was pale .
I finally had my chance and <unk> . I knew you would n't get me .
But not only Mr. <unk> went back to inviting me , but she was held as a full-time participant and hit my chair .
Something fun that I learned in directly with Keith <unk> was that people on the Internet are scum .
Children are saying that children are cruel , but they would never become a little girl or a girl .
All of a sudden , my disability on the Internet became <unk> .
I would see clips online , like , `` Why is it <unk> ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite , `` Poor <unk> terrorist .
What disease does it have ?
We should really pray for it . ''
One reviewer suggested even that I would put my disability to my rsum : writer , comedian , paralyzed .
Disability is as visual as race .
If someone in a wheelchair ca n't do <unk> , then <unk> ca n't make someone in a wheelchair .
The disabled are -- Yes , clap , man . Come on .
The disabled are the largest minority in the world , and the most <unk> in the world of entertainment .
The doctors said not to walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , having grown up with media , I do n't think it was .
I hope that together we could create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life .
Maybe if there was more positive images , it would be less hatred on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children well .
My tortuous journey has led me to very spectacular places .
I got to <unk> by the red carpet by the Nina of soap Susan <unk> and the infamous <unk> <unk> .
I came to act on a film with Adam <unk> and working with my idol , incredible Dave Matthews .
The world is running `` The Arabs have become nuts . ''
I was <unk> in a depiction of the great state of New Jersey in the 2008 2008 .
And I founded <unk> , a charity , to give children Palestinian children a fraction of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me live live , and I 'm doing this talk to his memory .
It 's in peace , Dad .
I call me <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can also .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small village .
I do n't know his name , but I know your story .
She lives in a small town to the South <unk> .
This people is close to <unk> .
<unk> drives the small people to poverty and on the edge of starvation .
Without anything for him , it goes to the big city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When it comes there , there 's no opportunity , no job , no behavioral perspectives .
He just lived in a tent in the city outside of <unk> .
After maybe a year <unk> , nothing .
One day I read about a gentleman who offers him to lunch , after dinner , for breakfast .
He meets a dynamic group of people , which gives you a break .
It gets a little bit of money for you to buy new clothes , money to send home , family .
They present to a young man .
I finally went home .
It starts a new life .
It has a goal of life .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , bursts a car bomb .
That child in that small village with dreams of the great city was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were the <unk> , a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda .
So how do the story of a small village , trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends with him <unk> ?
He was waiting .
I was waiting for an opportunity , hoping to start his future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing he got .
This was the first thing that pulled it out of what we call `` the <unk> period . ''
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the marginalized , young urban urban young people who were <unk> riots , <unk> riots in London , who are looking for something beyond the <unk> period .
For the young , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , of work , of well-being , but the young people are not involved in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the youth that they have the highest unemployment .
By 2030 , three of five people who live in cities will be under 18 .
If we do n't include young people in the growth of our cities , if we do n't give them opportunities , the story of the waiting period , the gateway to terrorism , to violence , in gangs , will be the story of cities 2.0 .
And in my hometown of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of the young people are unemployed .
70 percent does n't work , it does n't go to school .
They do n't do anything .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to visit the <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember going to be in front hospital thinking , `` What if I would never have gone ? ''
What if I had been forced to be in the same time , `` Wait , '' ?
Would I have become terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure of the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to house a juvenile leaders in a corporate summit .
It was about 90 juvenile leaders .
We sat down and we had a rainwater about the solutions to the big challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He was at the University of <unk> , he graduated .
No work , no opportunity .
I remember when he said to me , because he was a graduate college , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest hurdle to get from point A to B are the streets .
<unk> years of civilian war have completely destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
They saw an opportunity and I tweeted it .
He started a motorcycles company .
He started <unk> motorcycles to local residents who normally could buy them .
I bought 10 bikes , with the help of his family and friends , and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of bikes over the next three years .
Why is this story different ?
What does this different story do ?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's the business spirit , and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the <unk> period .
<unk> young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are so desperately searching .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who was attending one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a <unk> .
It was helping me to train some of the young people at the height of corporate initiative , and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of entrepreneurship .
In fact , it 's the first <unk> that <unk> has seen in over 22 years , and until he did a little bit , until Mohamed came , if you wanted flowers for your wedding , we were from plastic being sent from the foreign .
If you get someone , `` When was the last time you saw cool flowers ? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So , Mohamed saw an opportunity .
It started an <unk> company and floral design company .
I created a farm on the outskirts of <unk> , and it began to grow wheat and <unk> , who said , they could survive the <unk> climate 's climate .
And it began the delivery of flowers for weddings , creating gardens in the houses , and the city companies , and now it 's working on the creation of the first public park in 22 years .
There are no public parks in <unk> .
It wants to create a space where families , young people , can go together , and , like he says , smell the pink roses .
By the way , he 's not grown because they use a lot of water .
So , the first step is to inspire young people , and in that room , the State of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people .
They had never thought about starting a business .
They had thought to work for an NGO , working for government , but his story , their innovation , actually had a strong impact on them .
It forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
The encouraged to believe they could be entrepreneurs , that they might be <unk> of change .
By the end of the day , they had innovative solutions to some of the biggest challenges facing the city .
Let 's put business solutions for local problems .
So , inspiring young people and creating a business culture culture is really a big step , but young people need capital to make their ideas .
They need expertise and orientation to guide them in the development and put their business together .
<unk> the young people with the resources that they need , to embrace the support they need to move from conception to creation , and create <unk> for urban growth .
For me , business spirit is something more than to start a business .
It 's to create social impact .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
Their Peace Park , this is how it calls it , when it 's created , transforming the way people see their city .
<unk> hired kids from the street to help rent and hold the bikes for him .
It gave them the opportunity to escape from the <unk> paralysis .
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : They become young people in entrepreneurs , <unk> and eat their inherent innovation , and they will have more stories about flowers and the Peace <unk> that <unk> and `` waiting periods . ''
Thank you .
I was about 10 years old and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> mountains , an area <unk> in the north of New York City .
It was a beautiful day .
<unk> forest .
The sun would make the leaves <unk> like a <unk> , and it will not be along the way that we were still , we could almost pretend we were the first human beings to step on that land .
We got to our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> with a beautiful hidden lake when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed there was a dump , about four square meters with aluminum hearts with aluminum hearts and aluminum balls , and old shoe balls .
And I was choked , and I was so angry and incredibly confused .
<unk> that were too lazy to pull out what they thought was going to clean up their garbage ?
That question went on with me , and it would be a little bit .
Who clean our trash ?
Does it matter how they organize or where put the `` ours , '' who cleans our trash in Istanbul ?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London ?
Here in New York , the Department of <unk> clean our trash , which is about 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know it as individuals .
I wanted to understand who does that work .
What does it feel like to use the uniform and get that load ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled into the trucks and walked through the routes and interviewed people in offices and installations all over the city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
I needed to get more .
So I started working as a garbage trash .
I 'm not just traveling in trucks . I did them .
And he operated out of mechanical piles and operated on the snow .
It was a remarkable privilege and amazing learning .
Everybody asks about smell .
It 's there , but it 's not so prevalent as you believe , and in the days when it 's very strong , you get used to it .
It costs a lot of charge of weight .
I met people who had worked on it for several years , and their bodies were keeping weight by taking over their body tons of garbage every week .
It 's also the danger .
According to the Office of <unk> Statistics , the waste collection is one of the ten most dangerous <unk> of the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and going into traffic all day , and they pass through you .
They just want to be <unk> , so the driver is not paying attention .
That 's very bad for the worker .
And also the crap itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible damage .
I also learned about the relentless thing .
When you get out of <unk> and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself .
It never leaves coming .
It 's also like a form of breathing or circulation .
It should always be moving .
And it 's also the stigma .
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think strongly that the behaviors are the most important labor hand in the city streets , for three reasons .
They are the first protective police protections .
If you do n't get rid of the waste of efficient and effective forms every day , this starts to <unk> from its container , and its dangers would threaten us in very real ways .
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries to come back to <unk> .
The economy needs them .
If we ca n't get rid of the old thing , we do n't have space for what the engines of the economy start to fail when it 's in danger .
I 'm not advocating for capitalism , I 'm just pointing out your relationship .
And then there 's what I call our average daily speed necessary .
I mean , I 'm just at the speed that we used to get used to the contemporary time .
We usually do n't worry about it , nor do we buy it , we 'd buy us our coffee cup , our bag of the <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we throw them out , we throw them out , because we know that there 's a job force on the other side that will take off .
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help you reduce the stigma and focus on that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
Your job , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're on the street every day , in a <unk> way .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when <unk> .
And their work allows us to do our own .
It 's almost a way of relief .
The flow that keeps us safe from ourselves , of our own waste , our own waste , and that flow is always because of one form or another .
One day after September 11th , 2001 , I heard the grunt of a waste collection truck on the street , grabbed my little son and went down the stairs running , and there was a man doing his journey of recycled paper as he did every Wednesday .
And I tried to thank him for his job in particular , but I started to cry .
And he looked at me and just nodded , and he said , `` Let 's go well .
We 're going to be okay . ''
Shortly after that , I started researching the collection of waste and came back to that man .
It 's called <unk> , and we worked together many times , and we did good friends .
I want to believe that I was right .
We 're going to be fine .
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as we have to include and keep in account all the costs , even the very real human cost of the labor hand .
The municipal waste , what we think when we talk about garbage , they represent three percent of the nation 's waste .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of your days and their lives , the next one that you see someone whose work is to clean up the garbage of you , take a moment to recognize them .
Take a moment to tell you .
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life being part of the environment where architecture is born naturally and local traditions .
I brought two recent projects today as an example of this .
Both projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture .
The first example started with an invitation to design a <unk> mall in Ethiopia 's capital , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example , to my team and me , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to go running . ''
After seeing some of these buildings , there are many of these buildings , we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can not afford to buy things .
Second , you need to employ a lot of energy because the crystals with crystals can make heat inside , so it takes a lot of cooling .
In a city where this should n't happen because it 's a temperate climate that 's going from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year .
And third , what it looks like is nothing to do with Africa or with Ethiopia .
It 's a shame of a place that 's so rich in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , I really got hooked with the old market that is this structure in the air , where thousands of people , go and buy things every single day to little marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought , that 's what I really wanted to design , not a mall .
But the question was how to build a modern building , <unk> , applying these principles .
The next challenge was presented to inspect the site , which is located in a much growth zone of the city , where much of the buildings that we see in the image , did n't exist .
And it 's also between two parallel streets that are not communicating in an extension of hundreds of meters .
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets , assembling all the entries in the building .
And this goes on with an RFID atrium that creates a space in the air in the building that 's <unk> , in its own way , the sun and the rain .
And around this space , we 've applied the idea of the market with small businesses , which changes every floor because of the way of space .
I also thought , how to close the building ?
And I wanted to find a solution that would encourage local climate conditions .
And I started thinking about a fabric like a <unk> concrete shell to allow the air input , and also the light , but in a filtered way .
Then we were inspired by these beautiful buttons of dresses in Ethiopian ones .
They have fractal geometry , and it helped me model the facade .
We 're building that with these small pieces of exquisite pieces that are the windows that leave the air and light in a controlled way inside the building .
This would be stuck with these little colors crystals that use light of the inner building to illuminate the building at night .
With these ideas , it was n't easy to convince the developers because they thought , `` That 's not a mall . It 's not what we ask . ''
But ultimately , we all realized that this idea of the market was to be much more profitable than the commercial center , because they were at the end of the market , because they had the end of the day to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic , not only because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it 's no longer necessary to have air-conditioning .
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy power for the building in which the electricity is short almost every day .
So we got a big advantage by putting it into the roof .
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which we can collect water for the <unk> .
They 're waiting for the next year , because we go through the fifth floor of building .
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to do a big project , the biggest one I 've designed , I need not only to understand the city of Tunisia , but also its environment , their tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I put special attention into the <unk> , a structure of 1,000 years old that was surrounded by a wall with twelve access of access connected by lines almost straight .
When I went to the place , the first design operation that we did was extend the existing streets , creating 12 early blocks similar in size and characteristics that are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we pick up some strategic points in relation to the idea of connecting doors with straight lines , and this changed the initial model .
And the last operation was to think about the cell , the small cell in the project , like the apartment , as an essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the <unk> climate ?
And it 's direct , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation .
So , you know , a framework that claims that most of the apartments are perfectly <unk> in that direction .
And this is the result of almost a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with courtyards , and then in the bottom floor we have all the connections for pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that set up a greater density at higher levels and lower density in the lower plant .
And it also reinforces this idea of doors .
The roof , which is my favorite space of the project , is almost like giving back to the community , the occupied space .
It 's where all the neighbors , they can go up and socialize , and making activities such as a run of a <unk> race , or jump from one building to another .
These two examples , they have a common approach in the design process .
And also , they 're in emerging countries , where you can see cities literally growing .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in people 's lives change communities and local economies at the same rate as buildings grow .
For this reason , I see even more important looking at architecture , looking for simple , affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment , and that they have as a goal to connect nature with people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight , a new girl entered our class . It was as remarkable as you see all the new girls .
He had very bright amounts of hair very bright and a little bit of pencils , cute . It was super strong for capital capitals , very good for <unk> .
I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy , until I get my sinister plan .
One day I stayed a time after the school output . It was a little late and hid in the girls ' bathroom .
When the coast was <unk> , I went out , I walked into the classroom , I took the report on my master 's book .
And then I did .
Let 's get the ratings out of my rival , just a little bit , just a few .
And I organized the book to the drawer , but I organized the book to the crate , but to see , some of my other peers had really good grades as well .
So , in a frenzy , we would give up the notes around the world , without any imagination .
I put all of the rows of <unk> and myself a row like that , just for being there , because I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea came .
I do n't understand why I felt well doing it .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never got caught .
It was all <unk> obvious .
They never found me .
But most of all , I was reminded of the reason why I was reminded of this little girl , so small , it was so good at <unk> .
I 'm <unk> the jealousy .
They 're so mysterious and so <unk> .
We know that babies suffer from jealousy .
The primates . The birds are very likely to be .
We know that jealousy is the number one of spouses in the United States .
And yet , I 've never seen a study that will observe loneliness , or the long duration or sadness .
So , it 's going to go to the fiction , because novels are like the lab that they study jealousy in all their possible forms .
In fact , I do n't know if it is an exaggeration to say that if there was no exaggeration to say that if there were no literature , it would have no literature .
Well there would be no Helena to him , or there would be `` Odyssey . ''
There would be no king jealous , no `` <unk> and a night . ''
There would be no Shakespeare .
I 'm going to take the reading lists of high school , because we would be losing `` The noise and <unk> '' -- there would be no `` biotic '' or `` Party , '' we 'll lose `` Madame <unk> '' and `` Anna K . ''
<unk> , no Proust , no Proust . I know he Proust has the answers to everything , and in terms of jealousy , almost that you have all .
This year , it 's 100 years of their masterpiece , `` In search of lost time , '' the most populous study of sexual jealousy and also the ordinary competitiveness , mine , everything we could have . And thinking about Proust , we have the details , right ?
We think in a child trying to reconcile sleep .
We think in a <unk> <unk> in tea .
We forgot how hard that image is .
We forgot how relentless it is .
I mean , it 's about books that Virginia <unk> said they were as hard as <unk> of cat .
I do n't know what the cat <unk> is , but we assume it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they go so well together , the novel and jealousy , jealousy and Proust .
It will be very obvious as jealousy , who reduce the person , to their wish , to their liabilities , are a very strong narrative basis ?
I do n't know . I think we get very close to the bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed for that , to make us feel bad .
Being at the same time storytellers and audience , we know exactly what detail to include , to peg the knife , right ?
<unk> do all of us all novelists , and that 's something that Proust understood .
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give me pleasure to another , maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say to himself that story , and since then , Proust says that every fresh charm that you can see is that every fresh charm that you can see in his lover , he adds it to his collection of instruments in his private camera .
You have to admit that <unk> and Proust , they were notoriously jealous .
Now , you know , Proust bars would have to leave the country , if they wanted to break it .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's a hard job . Right ?
<unk> are <unk> .
It 's a hungry emotion . You have to power it .
And how are the jealousy ?
<unk> are <unk> of information .
<unk> use the details .
So , jealousy likes bright quantities of bright hair and the cute , little pencils of pencils .
<unk> took away from the photos .
That 's why Instagram it is so successful , Proust Proust links the language of jealousy .
When <unk> is in his agony of jealousy , suddenly you hear behind the gates and <unk> at the servants of his lover , then it defends those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know that this is revolting , but it 's not different to the interpretation of an ancient text or looking at a memorial . ''
He says , `` These are scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy looks like <unk> , and they make it seem to be <unk> , but in their middle , they 're looking for knowledge , search for truth , a painful truth . In fact , what Proust Proust is , the more painful the truth , the better .
The pain , the humiliation , the loss : These are the pathways for Proust Proust .
He says , `` A woman who we need , that makes us suffer , causes us to a range of much more profound feelings , and that a wise man who may be interested in . ''
Is it telling us that we 're going to look for cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy reveal us .
And is there any other emotion that makes us open up in this particular way ?
Is there any other emotion us reveals our <unk> , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Any other excitement that teaches us to look at with such peculiar intensity ?
Freud would write about this later .
One day , Freud was visited by a young young young man who was used to the idea that his wife <unk> him .
And Freud says that there was something weird about that man , who did n't get away in what his wife did .
Well , she was innocent ; everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that his wife did , without realizing , unintended behaviors .
Do you get too much ? Or accidentally <unk> with a man ?
Freud said that man was becoming the <unk> of his wife 's unconscious .
And novels are really good at this .
novels describe very well how jealousy makes us look at intensity , but without precision .
In fact , the more importantly , the more importantly , the more importantly , the more we are , the more we become in fantasy residents .
And for this reason , I believe , jealousy led us to do violent acts of terrorism or illegal acts .
<unk> drive us to behave in totally <unk> ways .
Now I 'm thinking about myself in the age of eight , I recognize it . But I 'm also thinking about this story that I heard on the news .
A woman in the Michigan of 52 years of age was captured by having created a false account on Facebook since you were sent <unk> messages , horrible to himself , for a year .
Every year . A year .
She was trying to join his former girlfriend of his former boyfriend , I have to confess that when or this , I reacted with admiration .
Because , let 's be realistic .
What is enormous , but unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's like novel .
Like a <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange and brilliant character in American literature .
It 's the author of `` <unk> in a <unk> '' and `` The <unk> Mr. <unk> , '' books that try to how jealousy , <unk> our minds , and once we 're in the sphere , in the realm of jealousy , the membrane that separates what it might be , can be blown away .
Let Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> goes from <unk> or want what you 've got to hold you from your self and <unk> what you 've ever got , and it 's under the floor , you know your name , you get your rings , you go down your bank accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the route of Tom <unk> .
I ca n't give you all over the world , as much as I want to .
It 's a shame , because we live in times of envy .
We live in times of jealousy .
I mean , are we good citizens of social networks , where do the currency , is envy , right ?
novels show us the output ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what characters always do when they 're not safe , when they 're in front of a mystery .
Let 's go through the Baker Street <unk> and ask him about Sherlock Holmes .
When people think hello , they think of the curse in Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always heard [ <unk> ] <unk> , the head of the rat 's face of <unk> <unk> , and he desperately needs him , you need the Holmes ' genius , but he 's upset .
Oh , it sounds so familiar .
<unk> needs its help , but we 'll get it into it , and you 're going to plug it with bitterness in each of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and eventually , in `` The <unk> <unk> , '' once Tori goes down , he <unk> all with his solution , <unk> back to Holmes and says , `` We 're not jealous , Mr. Holmes .
We 're proud of you . ''
And he tells you that there 's no person at Historic <unk> that I would n't want to raise your hand .
It 's one of the times that we see Holmes post in history . It seems to me this very emotional -- that scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a problem of geometry , without emotion .
You know , in a minute Holmes is on the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute they are on the same side .
All of a sudden , <unk> allows us to admire that idea of being the <unk> .
Could it possibly be so simple ?
What if jealousy actually is a geometry of geometry , just a question of where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to <unk> the greatness of the other .
We can engage with it .
But I like contingency plans .
So as we expect that to happen , let 's remember that we have the fiction to <unk> .
Just the fiction <unk> jealousy .
The fiction used you , he invites them to the table .
And look what the same thing is : the sweet <unk> , the terrifying Tom <unk> , the <unk> <unk> , the Chinese Marcel Proust .
We 're in great company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On July 21 , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the name of Apollo 11 and ran over the <unk> Sea .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but their presence on the gray surface was the culmination of a collective collective process .
The Apollo program was the highest mobilization in the American history of America .
To get to the moon , NASA 's spent about 180 billion dollars today , or four percent of the federal budget .
The Apollo gave a about 400,000 people , and asked about 20,000 companies , the universities and government agencies .
People died , including the Apollo crew .
But before the Apollo <unk> program , 24 men went to the moon .
Twelve it walked on his surface , from which he wrote after Armstrong died last year , is now the oldest old man .
So why did they go ?
They did n't take a lot of them around : <unk> pounds of old rocks , and something that 24 <unk> later , a new sense of meaning and fragility of our common home .
Why were they ? The cynical answer is , because President Kennedy wanted to prove to the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But the words of Kennedy at Rice University in 1962 give us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some people ask , why the moon ?
Why turn it into our target ?
And you could also ask , why is the tallest mountain ?
35 years ago , why would fly over the Atlantic ?
Why does Rice play Rice against Texas ?
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporaries , the Apollo was not just a victory of the West about the Cold War .
In the time , the strongest emotion was the wonder of the transcendence of technology powers .
It was because it was a great thing to be able to do .
The landing on the Moon happened in a context of a long list of successes .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the airplane , penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , it <unk> <unk> and eliminated .
The technology seemed to possess what Alvin <unk> in 1970 called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a ship with candle , but in 1969 , the Apollo crew flew over 40,000 miles / hour .
Since 1970 , no human being has gone back to the moon .
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10 , and the joyful optimism of the power of technology has evaporated to see that the problems that we think of technology would solve as to go to Mars , create a clean energy , cure cancer , or feed the world population seem to be intractable .
I remember watching the Apollo 17 .
I was five years old , and my mother told me that you do n't look at the exhaust tube , Saturn 's rocket Saturn .
I knew <unk> that this would be the last mission left , but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars .
So that 's what it happened to our ability to solve problems with technology , has become a common place .
We hear it all the time .
We 've heard this for the last two days here at TED .
It seems as if the technologists would have found us , and had enriched enriched with trivial toys , things like iPhones , apps and social networks , or algorithms that speed up the automated selling .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They 've expanded and enriched our lives .
But they do n't address the great problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a parochial explanation in Silicon Valley , which <unk> that has created a less ambitious companies than those in the years where Intel was <unk> , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the culprits , in particular , the incentives that venture capitalists offer the entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk led to the creation of ideas that change the creation of such a financing for incremental problems or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
It 's mostly going wrong in <unk> Valley .
Even when the risk capitalists were on their high point , without worrying about risk , small investment , small investments that they could go out in 10 years .
<unk> . They 've always had problems for investing in technologies like energy , which need a huge capital , and whose development is the long term , they have never invested in the development of technologies intended to solve big problems because they do n't have an immediate business value .
No , the reasons why we ca n't solve big problems are more complicated and profound .
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted to .
NASA has actually designed a plan .
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular , and that will never happen .
We do n't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to make on Earth .
Sometimes we ca n't solve the big problems because the political systems are fail .
Today , less than two percent of global energy consumption came from renewable energy sources like solar , wind and <unk> . Less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind , and oil is cheaper than the <unk> .
We want sources of alternative energy that can compete at the price . There are n't .
Now , technologists , businesspeople , economists , agree on what policies and international treaties tend to deal with the development of an alternative energy : mostly a significant increase in research and energy development , and some kind of control of coal prices .
But there is no hope in the political climate that we 're going to see an energy policy of the U.S. or the international treaties that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes the big problems that look like technological , they 're not going to be .
We know for a while that famines are a result of failure in the deal of food .
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the distribution of food .
Technology can improve things like crops or systems for storage and food work , but there will be hunger while there were bad governments .
And finally , the big problems are sometimes having a solution , because we do n't understand the problem .
President Nixon declared war in 1971 , but soon we found that there are many types of cancer , some terribly resistant to treatment , and only over the last 10 years , they seem to have found effective and viable treatments .
Hard problems are hard .
It 's not true that we could n't solve problems with technology .
We can , but these four elements have to be present : political leaders and population must want to solve the problem ; institutions should be supporting the solution ; it should really be a technological problem ; and we should understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems , serves with those criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There 's not a <unk> competition like in the Cold War , there 's no politician like John Kennedy 's hard and dangerous , and there 's not a <unk> mythology of science fiction like to explore the solar system .
In general , going to the moon , it turned out to be simple .
I was just three days .
And I really did n't even deal with any problem .
We are alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows that we do n't have the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to start by tackling the core ideas that you have about trust .
They 're so common that you 've become <unk> of our society .
I think it 's three .
The first is a claim : there 's been a great decline of trust , it 's a very widespread belief .
The second is a goal : we should be more confident .
And the third one is a task : We should recover the confidence .
I think the claim , the goal and the task have been wrong .
What I 'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives a more clear idea about it .
First of the claim , why do people think that confidence has decreased ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I bow back to think that there may be down in some activities or institutions , and that could have grown up in others .
I 'm not really sure .
But I can go to opinion polls , and the surveys of opinion are supposedly the source of belief that confidence has decreased .
When you look at the surveys of opinion surveys , there 's not a lot of evidence of it .
I mean , the people who were going over 20 years ago , mostly journalists and politicians , follow the same mistrust .
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still pretty reliable : judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and , by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost halfway through .
But is this good evidence ?
What the opinion of opinion polls are , of course , opinions .
What else can you record ?
What you see are generic generic attitudes that people care when they ask them questions .
Trust the politicians ? Trust the teachers ?
Now if somebody asked you , `` Are you going to focus on the <unk> ?
<unk> in the fishermen ?
Are you in elementary teachers ? ''
You probably would say , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very sensible response .
And you could say , when you answered your question , `` Well , I trust some of them , but no other . ''
It 's very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to deposit the confidence in a separate way .
We do n't assume that the level of trust that we 're going to feel for a certain type of officer , official or type of person , is going to be uniform in all cases .
I could , for example , to say that I trust a certain elementary school I know to give the class of reading , but no way to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my most <unk> friend to keep a conversation , but not , maybe , to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we have gotten those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is separate , why we do n't know all that knowledge when we think about trust in the more abstract ?
I think polls are very bad tools to measure the real confidence level , because they try to restore good judgment in fact to trust something or someone .
Secondly , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more confidence .
Frankly , I think it 's a stupid goal .
It 's not the goal that I 'm going to do .
I get more confident in what it is to trust me , but not what it is .
Ultimately , I 'm keen to do not trust what it is not reliable .
And I think that those people who were looking at their savings with very rightly named Mr. Madoff , who disappeared , and then I think , well , yes , they were too confident .
Being more confident is not a smart goal in this life .
Confidence does n't have the right goal .
Once you say it , it says , yes , it means that what matters first is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What 's all about making a judgment on how reliable people are in certain ways .
And I think that in order to make a judgment , we 're forced to focus on three things .
Are they competent ? Are they honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if you find that a person is competent in the commodities , and it 's responsible and honestly , then we 'll have a very good reason to trust her , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , in contrast , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends who are competent and honest , but I did n't trusted them to take a letter to mail , because they 're <unk> .
I have friends who are very sure that you can do certain things , but I see that you 're going to take your own skills .
And I 'm glad to say that I do n't have a lot of friends who are competent and responsible , but they 're extremely supportive .
If this is , I still did n't notice .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness .
The confidence is the answer .
<unk> is what we have to judge .
And of course , it 's hard .
Over the last few decades , we 've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions , professionals , officials and so on , that we would make us easier for the task of judging their trustworthiness .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember once I was talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you 'll see the problem is it takes more time to make any of the administrative paperwork that I attend to the delivery . ''
And we find the same problem in all of our public life and institutional life , which is destined to guarantee the trustworthiness , and the evidence of trustworthiness , is actually doing the opposite .
What they do is you get the work of the people who have to do tough tasks , like the midwives , you 'd like to ask the boxes , as we say .
I 'm sure you all know similar examples .
Everything , all of that , for the goal .
I believe that the goal should be more trustworthiness , and that things would be different if they were trying to be worthy of trust and encourage people to be trustworthy , and if other people , people or politicians are trustworthy .
It 's not easy . It 's the judgment , the simple actions , the attitudes , which is not done properly .
Third , the task .
<unk> the task to rebuild the confidence , puts things backwards .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild the confidence .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can reconstruct a little bit of trustworthiness .
We can do it if you 're two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , is distinctive because they give us other people .
You ca n't rebuild what other people have given you .
You have to give them the bottom enough so you can trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't trick , usually , all the people , all the time .
But you also have to bring <unk> evidence that you are worthy of trust .
How do you do that ?
That 's a daily basis , everywhere , the ordinary people , the officials , the institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a simple commercial example .
The store where I buy my socks and says I can send them back without giving explanations .
I carry them and get it back to me and get it back to the color that I want to .
That 's great . I trust them because they themselves became vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a great lesson in that .
If you become vulnerable to the other part , that 's a very good proof that you 're worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you 're saying .
So , at the end , I think what we 're aiming at is not a very difficult thing to figure out .
What people rely on is relationships , and in that framework , they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
From the early computers , we 've been working tirelessly to reduce the separation between us and the digital information , the separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which the imagination can be <unk> .
This separation has been reducing , increasingly and more , to such a point that today is less than one millimeter , the thickness of a glass screen , and the power of computing has become accessible to everybody .
But I wonder , if there were no barriers ?
I started imagining what it would be .
So first I created this tool that goes into digital space , so when the strong <unk> against the screen can transfer its physical body to pixels .
Designers can <unk> their ideas directly in 3D , and surgeons can practice with virtual organs under the screen .
So , with this tool , the barriers break out .
But the two hands remain still outside the screen .
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of their hands ?
In the Science 's Science division of Microsoft , along with my mentor <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer and transformed a small space on the keyboard in a digital area of work .
So , I combined a transparent bombsight with cameras down to detect the fingers and the face , now you can lift your hands on the keyboard , get inside of the 3D space , and grab pixels directly with your hands .
As the windows and the files have a location in real space , it 's so easy to grab a book on a shelf .
You can flip through the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual touch sensor that 's below every floating screen .
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with the hands .
In these examples , we 're feeding in the digital world .
And if you invest the papers and we make the digital information come towards us ?
Surely , many of us would have bought and returned things on the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry .
What I have here is a virtual <unk> online .
This is the vision that you get from a device on your head or translucent when the system understands the geometry of your body .
If we take this idea further , I thought , instead of just seeing pixels in space , how can we make them physical , so that we can touch them and feel them ?
How would you be a future ?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my <unk> Post , we created this single physical pixel .
This spherical magnet behaves like a pixel in 3D space , which means that both the computer as the users can move the object anywhere within this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was can ring gravity and control the movement through a combination of levitation and mechanical <unk> and detectors .
And when we program the object , we squirt it out of the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can enable us to reproduce and go back to reproduce and get forever in the physical world .
You can teach them physically , and at the distance and the famous shot of Michael Jordan , you can reproduce as a physical reality , the times we want .
The students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets , the physics , and unlike the monitors or the textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what is more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities .
As you see , digital information is not just going to show us something but to start acting directly on us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without us that we have to <unk> our world .
We started talking today about a barrier , but if we suppress that barrier , the only limit that remains is our imagination .
Thank you .
I became a <unk> for me for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in first grade , the government wanted to kill a school for athletes with all expenses payments .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted to become engineering , like them .
After surviving the Cultural Revolution , they really believe that there was only an accurate path to happiness : a safe and paid job .
No matter whether I 'd like to or not .
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
An opera singer has to start from <unk> from very young to learn the tricks , so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school .
I even wrote to the director of the school and the host of a radio program .
But no adults let the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
Just my friends supported me , but they were children , without authority , like me .
So at the age of 15 years , I knew it was too much bigger to train .
My dream will never come to work .
I was afraid , that for the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I solved looking for another calling .
Anybody around me wanted to teach me ? Okay .
Let 's go back to books .
[ `` 'I <unk> '' from <unk> [ ] ] [ `` <unk> of History '' ] [ `` <unk> '' ] [ `` <unk> '' ] [ `` <unk> '' ] ] [ `` <unk> '' ] [ <unk> '' ] [ `` <unk> '' ] [ `` <unk> '' ] [ `` <unk> '' ] [ <unk> ] [ '' ] [ `` <unk> '' ] [ ``
Those who were banned in China , of course .
`` The Good Earth '' is about Chinese Chinese life .
And it 's not propaganda . <unk> .
The Bible is interesting , but it 's odd .
That 's one issue for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was an epiphany , `` <unk> your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better to obey . ''
So it became my tool to get out of this <unk> guilt trap , and to reset the relationship with my parents .
I find it with a new culture , also gave up to my comparative reading habit .
Let 's get a lot of perspectives .
For example , at the beginning , this map seemed to me , because this is what the students in China learn .
I 've never occurred to me , that China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves people 's perspective .
The comparative reading is not new .
It 's a common practice in the academic world .
There are all the research fields like comparative religion and literature .
Compare and contrast , it offers academics a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked for research , why not do it in everyday life ?
So I started to read books from two .
They can be people [ unclear '' from Walter <unk> by David <unk> by David <unk> who were involved in one event , or friends with shared experiences .
For Christ , temptation are cheap , politics and spiritual .
To the Buddha , they 're all psychological : lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The Up Path Tzu '' ] Thomas <unk> ] [ `` Road '' ] Alan <unk> ) Instead of lost in the translation , I found that you can win a lot of it .
For example , it 's through translation that I realized that `` happiness '' Chinese means `` fast joy . ''
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , it literally means `` new mother . ''
The books opened me up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present .
I know I 'm not going to feel lonely or powerless .
Having a missed dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered .
I 've come to believe that fulfillment is not the only purpose of a dream .
Its most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams come from , where the passion comes from , where happiness comes from .
Even a shattered sleep can do that for you .
And it 's because of the books , I 'm here , happy , living again with purpose and clearly most of the time .
So the books always join you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first client of psychotherapy .
I was a graduate student in psychology in Berkeley .
She was a nine-year-old woman called Alex .
Alex came in in the first session , using jeans and a <unk> truck , threw it on the couch my office and told me that I wanted to talk about his problems with men .
When I heard this , I was so relieved .
My graduate partner had a <unk> .
And I was struck by a <unk> I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could handle it .
But I did n't .
With the <unk> stories that Alex brought to the sessions , it became easy to just move my head while we 're going to get the solution .
`` The 30s are the new 20 , '' and Alex said , and what I saw , she was right .
You start to work later , you get home after , you have children later , until death happens .
To <unk> as Alex and I had time out there .
But shortly afterwards , my supervisor pushed me to press Alex , who would talk about his loving life .
I had resisted me .
I said , `` Oh , of course , it 's coming out of the guys under your category , he sits down with a <unk> head , but it 's not like it was to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said , `` Still , but maybe you get married with the next one .
Also , the best moment to work on Alex 's marriage is before they get married . ''
This is what psychologists call `` Aha . ''
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new <unk> .
Yes , people feel their head after what they used to do , but this did n't make the <unk> of Alex were a pause in their development .
This made the <unk> of Alex were the perfect moment and we were wasting it away .
So I realized , this kind of benign neglect was a real problem , and it had real consequences , not just for Alex and their loving life , but for the careers , families and future <unk> .
There are 50 million <unk> in the United States today .
That means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent if you consider that nobody gets to age without passing before the <unk> .
Hands up if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> here .
Oh , yeah ! They 're amazing .
If you work with <unk> , they love a 20-year-old , you get a 20-year-old sleep , I want to see . It 's okay . Incredible , they really matter .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will be 35 years old .
This means eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments , `` Aha ! '' They shape your life have happened to be 30 and so many .
People over 40 , do n't panic .
This audience is going to be fine , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money they win .
We know that more than half of Americans are married , or they 're coming out with their future spouse at 30 years .
We know that the brain ends up at its second and last stage of growth in its <unk> and <unk> for adulthood , which means that if there 's something you want to change yourself , now is the moment to change it .
We know that personality changes more times during its <unk> than at any time of life , and we know that female fertility gets to the top 28 , and things get complicated to the 35 .
<unk> are time to educate him about their body and their options .
When we think about developing child development , we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment to the brain .
It 's a moment in which your daily life and common life has an impact on the person who will become .
But what we do n't hear is that there 's something called adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in adult development .
But this is not what <unk> are listening .
<unk> talk about changes in the timeline of adulthood .
Researchers call them an extended adolescence .
The journalists would give him ridiculous names to <unk> as `` <unk> '' and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As a culture , we have considered a triviality what it is actually the decade that defines adulthood .
Leonard Bernstein said that to make great things , you need a plan and not enough time .
Is n't it true ?
What do you think happens when you give you a 20-year-old <unk> in your head and say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
Nothing happens .
They stole that person the sense of urgency and his ambition and it 's absolutely nothing .
And then every day , smart , interesting people like you or your kids get to my office and say , `` I know my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't count . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says , while I start a career before 30 , everything will be good . ''
But then it starts to sound like this : `` My <unk> are <unk> , and I have nothing to show .
I had better rsum the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound like this : `` My dating during the <unk> were like the chairs .
They all were running and <unk> , but then at some point around the 30 , the music turned off and all started sitting .
I did n't want to be the only one to stand , so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds kind of extreme , but no mistake , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s , there 's a huge pressure at 30 , and so many of the start a career , choose a city , choose a couple , and have two or three children in a much more short time period .
So many of these things are not compatible , and there are research that starts to show , which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything from once to the '30s .
The middle-aged crisis crisis is not about buying red sporting cars .
It 's about realizing you ca n't have the race you want now .
You realize that you ca n't have the kid you want now , or you ca n't give you a brother to your son .
Many <unk> and <unk> you see themselves , and I 'm sitting in the room , and they talk about her <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was I thinking ? ''
I want to change what <unk> are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story of how it could be .
It 's a story about a woman named Emma .
At 25 , Emma came to my office because he was , in his own words , having an identity crisis .
He said she would like to work in art or entertainment , but you could n't even decide , so I spent the last few years working as a <unk> .
As it was cheaper , I lived with a boyfriend that showed more temperament than ambition .
And despite living some very difficult <unk> , her life had been even harder .
It often happened in our sessions , but then she was getting up as she said , `` You do n't choose her family , but he can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day , Emma came his head on his legs and cried for nearly the entire hour .
I 'd just bought a new book book , and I had spent all the morning <unk> with her many contacts , but then you 're looking at the empty space that goes after the words `` In case of emergency , please call ... ''
I was just about hysteria when he saw me and said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to take care of me if it gives me cancer ? ''
At that moment , it took me a lot of work to resist and say , `` Me . ''
Which Emma needed was not a <unk> that was really worried .
Emma needed a better life , and I knew this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to only sit while I was just sitting as I was the defining decade of Emma passed .
So , over the next few weeks and months , I told Emma three things that every day , man or woman , deserves to know .
First , I told her Emma to forget about that identity of identity and making it capital capital .
For identity capital , I mean doing something that add value to your person .
Doing something that is an investment in what you want to be after .
I did n't know the future of the Emma 's career , and nobody knows the future of work , but I do n't know this : identity capital makes identity capital .
So now it 's time for that work on the other side of the country , from that boarding school that you want to test .
I 'm not <unk> exploration , I 'm going to skip the exploration that should n't count , that , by the way , it 's not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I said to Emma that would explore her work , and he would tell her .
Second , I told her Emma that urban tribes are going on .
The best friends are great to take you to the airport , but the <unk> people who come together with friends with similar minds are merely limited to who you know , how do you think about how they think , how they talk , and where work .
That new piece of capital , that new person who comes out with almost always comes from the outside of their closest circle .
New things come from what they call <unk> ties friends from friends of their friends .
Yeah , half of the <unk> have a bad job or do n't have any job .
But the other half do n't , and the weak bonds are the way we get to this group .
The half of the jobs created never , so knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way to get a job not published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how information is happening .
Last but not less important , Emma believed you do n't choose your family , but I know your friends .
This was true when I was growing up , but as a <unk> , Emma will soon inspire her family when he has a partner and form his own family .
I told her Emma the time to choose his family had come .
You might think that the 30 are better age to sit down than 20 or 25 , and I agree with you .
But to choose the person who you live right now , or you 're now going to tell you now when everyone on Facebook start walking towards the altar , it 's not progress .
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have , and that implies being so intentional in love as you are at work .
<unk> your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of making it work or killing time with whoever I choose to you .
So what happened with Emma ?
Well , we looked at that phone , and she found the roommate of a prime one who worked in an art museum in another state .
This weak link helped him get a job there .
That labor supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that he lived .
Now , five years later , it 's a special line of events in museums .
This married married man who chose consciously .
She loves her new career , he loves her new family , and I send a letter to say , `` Now the emergency space spaces are not big enough . ''
Emma 's history may sound easy , but that 's what I love about working with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help them .
<unk> are like airplanes of the Los Angeles airport , which goes somewhere in the west .
Right before the takeoff , a light bulb can make the difference between land in Alaska or in Fiji .
In the same way , at 21 or 25 , and even on the 29 , a good conversation , a good break , a good TED Talk can have huge effects over the next few years or even in the next generations .
Here 's my idea worth spreading to all the <unk> .
It 's as simple as what I learned to Alex .
It 's what I now have the privilege of telling <unk> as Emma every day : <unk> are not new <unk> , <unk> their age , get identity capital , use their weak bonds , choose your family .
They 're not allowed to define why they did n't know or what they did n't .
They 're deciding their life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 years old , I left a very expensive job in management consulting for a job that was even more picky : faculty .
I went to teach students in seventh grade in New York public schools .
And as any teacher , I made tests and testing .
I give them tasks .
When the work comes back , we 're going to take grades .
What struck me was that I.Q . was not the only difference between my best and my worst students .
Some of the people who had better performance did not have scores of I.Q . <unk> .
Some of my smartest kids were n't doing so well .
And that made me think .
The kind of thing you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade , safe , are difficult : proportions , <unk> , the area of a given parallelogram .
But these concepts are not impossible , and I was convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and for enough time .
After several years of faculty , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a <unk> perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know about how to measure it .
It 's the <unk> , but what if you succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn differently and easy ?
So I left the classroom , and I went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying kids and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios , and in every study my question was , who 's successful here and why ?
My research team and I went to the military Academy -- West Point .
We tried to predict what <unk> <unk> in military training and who <unk> them .
We went to the National <unk> National <unk> , and we tried to predict what children are going to do as far as possible in the competition .
We studied teachers amateurs working in neighborhoods that are really hard , <unk> what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those , who will be the most effective to improve the results of their students ' learning ?
We teamed up with private companies , asking , what about these marketers are going to keep their job job ?
And who is going to earn more money ?
In all these very different contexts , it emerged a feature as an important predictor of success .
And it was not social intelligence .
It was n't good appearance , physical health and it was n't I.Q .
It was determination .
Determination is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals .
Power is to have resistance .
The determination is to hold to your future , day after day , not only for the week , not only for the month , but for years and working really hard to make that future one reality .
Determination is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a sprint .
A few years ago , I started studying purpose in the public schools in Chicago .
I asked thousands of high school students to do that , and then I waited about more than a year to see the people who were going .
It turns out that children with more determination were significantly greater likely to graduate , even when I matched them in every single feature that I could measure , things like family income , the results of standardized tests , even the security that they felt when they were in school .
So not only is it West Point or at the <unk> National <unk> , where it matters , and it 's also at school , especially for children at risk of <unk> .
For me , the most shocking thing about determination is the little thing we know about , the little bit that the science knows about its development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do we develop purpose in children ?
What should I do to teach kids a strong work ethic ?
How do I keep them for the long term ? ''
The most honest answer is , I do n't know .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that are simply not going forward with their commitments .
In fact , in our data , the commonly commonly not related , or is it even related to talent measures .
So far , the best idea I 've heard about developing the purpose is something called growth mindset .
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with the effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and it grows in response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to break down when they do n't believe that that 's a permanent condition .
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination .
But we need more .
And that 's where I end up my speech , because it 's where we are .
That 's the work we have in front .
We need to take our best ideas , our strongest intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure if they 've been successful , and we have to be willing to fail , which is wrong , to start everything again with the lessons that we learned .
In other words , we need to be certain about making our children more determined .
Thank you .
<unk> in Taiwan , like the daughter of a <unk> , one of my wildest memories is my mother <unk> beauty , the shape and the shape of the Chinese characters .
From that moment , I was reminded by this amazing language .
But for a foreigner , it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall .
In the last few years , I 've been asking myself if I can break down this wall , so that whatever it is to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it .
I started thinking about how a new method of learning Chinese might be useful .
Since I was five , I started learning how to draw each of the strokes in every character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Since we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do it in a faster and simple way .
A Chinese academic <unk> 20,000 characters .
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy .
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of basic literature , enough to read traffic signals , restaurant menus , to understand the basic idea of web pages or newspapers .
Today , I 'll start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
Open your mouth as much as possible until it 's square .
They get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to give a walk .
<unk> .
If the form of fire is a person with arms on both sides , as if they were shouting like it , `` <unk> ! I 'm burning ! '' This symbol actually is originally originally called the flame , but I like to believe it 's the other way . The one that will work .
This is a tree .
tree tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The door of the door looks like a pair of doors of a <unk> in the old West .
I call radical these eight characters .
They 're building blocks so that they create many more characters .
One person .
If you walk back , that 's `` follow . ''
As the ancient saying , two are a company , three are crowd .
If you stretch your arms , this person is saying , `` It was this big . ''
The person inside the mouth , the person is caught .
It 's a prisoner , as <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we have the forest .
Put a board under the tree , we have the foundations .
You put a mouth on the tree , that 's an <unk> . It 's Easy to remember , because a tree speaker is quite an idiot .
Remember the fire ?
Two fires together , it 's very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of flames .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burning .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , prosperous .
Three together , those are flashes .
Put the sun and the shining moon together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes out on the horizon . <unk> .
You put a door inside the door , you get away from the door .
Put a mouth inside the door , ask questions .
<unk> , did anyone at home ?
This person is getting hidden from a door , fleeing , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women together , be careful is adultery .
So we 've already spent almost 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight radical , you will allow them to build 32 .
The next <unk> group will build another 32 .
So with every little effort , you will be able to learn a couple of hundred characters , which is the same thing that learns a Chinese Chinese .
So after knowing the characters , we started to create sentences .
For example , the mountain and the fire together , we have a mountain of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the land of the rising sun .
This is a sun put the origin , because Japan is east of China .
So a sun next to the origin , we created Japan .
One person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left are two mountains over the other .
In the old China , it meant in exile , because Chinese <unk> <unk> their political enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , exile has become a way out .
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a exit .
This is a slide to remind me that I have to stop talking and go down from the stage . Thank you .
What I 'd rather be Dad is the movies I get to see .
I love to share my favorite movies with my kids , when my daughter was four , we saw the magician of Oz together .
The film mastered his imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave him a good excuse to use a bright dress and get a magic wand to get a magic wand .
But when you see that film so many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We now live and raise our children in a kind of industrial fantasy shows .
The Oz magician was an event itself .
It does n't start that trend .
The trend actually took over 40 years later with , interestingly , another film whose protagonists , a metal boy and a <unk> guy <unk> a girl dressed up as a <unk> of the enemy .
Do you know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a big difference between these two films , there 's a couple of big differences between the magician of Oz and all the movies that we see today .
One is that there 's very little violence in Oz for Oz .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the apple .
But I think if The magician 's magician is done today , the magician would say , `` Dorothy , you 're the salvation of Oz as the prophecy . ''
You use magic shoes to defeat the armies made by the evil evil .
But that 's not what happens .
Another single thing of Oz 's magician is that the most heroic , wise characters and even villains are women .
I started to notice this when I did `` Star Wars '' to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that point , I also had a son .
Just three years old .
He was n't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the level of supervision was down . And so slid it in the room and was impressed as a mom leg with his stones behind , and I do n't think he understood what was going on , but definitely <unk> everything .
I wonder what perceived .
Would you be the courage , perseverance and loyalty ?
Would n't I feel that Luke is an army to overthrowing the government ?
Let 's compare this to `` 1939 '' magician .
How do I win his film ?
In making good <unk> with everybody and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my children to grow Oz , OK , and not a world of men who are fighting , which is where we are .
Why is there so much power capital , force in the movies for our children , and so little on the road of yellow bricks ?
There 's a lot of literature on the impact of male violence in girls , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
Yes , for experience that princess <unk> does n't give me the right framework that had served me to navigate the world of adults who are blended . I think at the time of the first kiss , I was hoping that the credit of people started to appear , because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My search is done , I have a girlfriend .
Why are you standing there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The movies are focused on defeat the villain and get your reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like being a kid , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a warrior 's suit .
There are many exceptions , and defend the Disney princess to any of you .
But they send a message to children , even though they , the kids , are not really their goal .
They do a phenomenal job when they teach girls how to defend against patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy .
There 's no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children , as real and charming as <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being movies .
Of course , the most successful issue of all time continues on front of classical , every one of them on the adventures of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and his son , or two men who breed a girl .
Until , as many of you are thinking , this year , finally came out .
I recommend all of you . It 's already available in shops .
Do you remember what the criticism said when he came out ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar has made a film of a princess .
It 's very good . Do n't let that stop it !
Well , almost no one of these movies passes the <unk> test .
I do n't know if you heard about this .
It 's not yet left roots , and it 's spreading , but maybe we 're going to start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , I recorded a conversation that I had with a friend about evaluation of the movies that they saw .
And it 's very simple . There 's just three questions that have to be done : In the movie , there 's more of a female character than it has lines ?
So , you have to fulfill the requirement .
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie ?
Their conversations are about something else from the guy than they like ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you very much .
Two women that exist and they talk about things each other .
I 've seen it . I 've seen it , and yet I rarely see it in the film that we know and love .
In fact , this week , I went to see a very good quality film , <unk> .
Right ? This is an Oscar success success , a consensus on what 's a <unk> movie .
Pretty much , it does n't happen .
And I do n't think it should , because a lot of the film , I do n't know if you 've seen , a lot of the film is happening in a embassy where men and women are hiding during the hostages of the hostage .
We have many scenes of men who have deep , painful conversations at this hide-and-seek , and it 's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say , `` You come to bed , honey ? ''
This is Hollywood .
So let 's get into the numbers .
In 2011 , of the 100 more popular movies , how many of them believe they have female protagonists ?
Eleven . It 's not bad .
It 's not the same percentage that the number of women we 've chosen recently for Congress , then it 's okay .
But there 's a larger number that 's going to be disappointed this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says that it 's been sexually assaulted once in his life .
I do n't think it 's mass entertainment .
I do n't think the movies for children have something to do with that .
I also do n't think that music videos or pornography are closely linked , but something is wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things I think is that there 's a great amount of sexual <unk> .
Who are those guys ? What are those guys learning ?
What do you do n't get learning ?
They 're <unk> the story that 's saying that the role of a male hero is to beat your villain with violence and then charge the reward , which is a woman who has no friends and does n't talk ?
Are we <unk> that story ?
You know , as a parent with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing , we find this world and this very alarming statistic , and we want to look at it .
We have tools for our disposal as <unk> <unk> , and we expect that to help , but I 've got to ask , <unk> <unk> is going to be <unk> if , at the same time , active or passively , are we educating our children to keep their male power ?
I mean , I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important , and here I mean mainly the parents .
I think we have to show our children a new definition of manhood .
The definition of manhood is radically changing .
You have read about how new economy is changing the role of the home and the <unk> .
Everything is changing .
When I asked my daughter , what was his favorite character from `` Star Wars , '' you know what responded ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What do they have in common these two ?
Maybe it 's not just brilliant dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anybody else , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want less stories where my son is , go and fight only and more stories , where their work is to join a team , maybe a team led by women , helping other people improve and be better people , like the magician of Oz .
Thank you .
As a child , I lived in Maine , and one of the things that I liked was to look for sea cookies on the coast of Maine , because my parents told me that that would give me luck .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They 're covered in sand , and it 's hard to see them .
However , over time , I used to get used to them .
I started to see forms and patterns that helped me make it .
This became a passion for finding things , in love for past and archaeology .
And finally when I started studying <unk> , I realized that I saw my own eyes was not enough .
Because suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of about 1.3 miles of length along the Nile .
And my seawater had grown to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
To try and make a map of the past , I knew it had to do otherwise .
I want to show you an example of how different we see using infrared .
This is a located place in the eastern Delta of Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , simple view , seems to be brown , but when we use the infrared , and process it using false color , suddenly the place looks like bright pink .
What you 're seeing is the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we 've used satellite data to find an old <unk> city , called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the capital of the old Egypt over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire , about 4,000 years ago .
The place lies in <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of old Egyptian art , architecture and religion .
<unk> have always known that they were located at somewhere near the pyramids of two kings that they built , indicated inside the red circles here , but somewhere inside this huge straight straight away .
This area is enormous , it 's about six miles per mile .
Before , the Nile <unk> right next to <unk> and as it changed over time , he moved to this and covered the city .
So how do you find a city underground on a large landscape ?
And then I 'll find out at random , it would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack , blindfolded and using baseball gloves .
So , we use NASA data to make a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
We were able to see where the Nile is <unk> .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this slightly elevated area that looks within the circle here , which we think might be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with the Egyptians making sampling works , you can see it here .
When I 'm sampling , it 's like the shots show in ice , but instead of layers of climate change , we 're looking for layers of human occupation .
About five meters down , under a thick layer of mud , we found a dense layer of objects of pottery .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five meters down , we have a layer of occupation from several hundred years to date back from the Middle Empire , exactly the same period as we think it 's <unk> .
We also found <unk> jobs , <unk> , quartz and cat , which shows that there was a jewelry shop .
This might seem like it 's not a lot , but when we think about the most common stones used in the jewelry of the Middle Empire , these are the stones that were used .
So we have a dense layer of occupation of occupation of the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of an elite jewelry shop that shows that what 's been there , was a very important city .
We still did n't find any <unk> here , but we 're going to get to the place in the near future to localize it .
And more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire , probably been written at 4,000 years ago .
Let me share knowledge is the highest of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on Earth .
So as it looks , TED was not founded in 1984 <unk> C .
Do the ideas actually happen in 1984 B.C in a lost city for much time and found from high .
It certainly puts out of <unk> shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine standing outside , front of the door to <unk> home .
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door , to the material that it 's made .
Now I 'm going to get a bunch of obese obese group .
They 're competing in a bike bike race , and they 're going to address their entry .
I need to see this really .
They 're hot , they 're sweating , they 're sweating , they 're hot .
They collide against the door of his house .
There 's bicycles flying around , wheels that go on their side , rays of the wheels that end up in <unk> places . <unk> the door line .
To the lobby , in the hallway , or whatever there is on the other side of the door , and watch the quality of light . The light is shining over the <unk> of <unk> .
It 's waving with the hand .
From his chair , on a brown horse .
It 's a horse that speaks .
You can feel your blue fur putting in tickling the nose .
You can smell the oats of oats and you 're about to get into the mouth .
<unk> on the side and enter his living room .
Already in the room , and making maximum use of their imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
He 's with little clothes , dancing on their school table , singing `` <unk> One More Time More . ''
Now humor me to the kitchen .
The ground has been covered with a yellow and yellow brick path , and from the oven comes to you , the Man of <unk> , the <unk> and the `` The Wizard of Oz , '' <unk> out of the hands , jumping up to you .
Okay . Open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes place every spring in New York .
It 's called the <unk> of the United States .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist , waiting , I suppose , that this was like the end of a wise <unk> .
There were several men and a few ladies in different ages and different hygiene habits .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , looking at them once .
They took the names of dozens and dozens of strangers .
They 've collected whole poems in just minutes .
<unk> to see who he could memorize the faster the order of a deck of cards .
And I thought , `` This is incredible . ''
These people must be nature of nature .
And I started talking to some of the competitors .
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England , and he has one of the best trained memories .
I said , `` Ed , when you realized you were a wise ? ''
Ed replied : `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have an average memory .
Everybody who participate in this competition say they have normal memory .
`` We 've trained to do these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques , invented a half thousand years ago in Greece , the same techniques that I used Cicero to memorize their speeches , and that medieval scholars were using to memorize the entire books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How did I have n't heard of this before ? ''
We were standing outside the classroom of the competition , and Ed , who 's a wonderful , brilliant English English , although a little bit of a <unk> , said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
Do you know Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
`` Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears how to memorize order in a deck of cards live on national television .
That would prove the world that anybody can do . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me .
Or do you have to start with something right ? ''
And that was the start of a very strange journey for me .
And I ended up going through most of the year this year not only training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why it does n't sometimes work and what its potential can be .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man called <unk> .
He is <unk> , very probably with the worst memory in the world .
His memory was so bad that I did n't even remember I had a memory problem ; it 's awesome .
Someone incredibly tragic , but it was a window that allows us to see how far our memory is doing that we are .
On the other end of the spectrum , I met this man .
This is Kim <unk> . He was based on <unk> Hoffman in the movie `` Rain Man . ''
We went one afternoon in the public library in Salt Lake City , memorizing phone books ; it was twinkling .
And by coming back , I read a lot of treaties on the memory of writing something over 2,000 years ago in Latin , in the <unk> , and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained , disciplined and cultivated was not a thing as rare as it might be today .
A long time ago , people invest in their memory , to provide their minds .
These techniques have made our modern world possible , but they 've also changed us .
They 've changed us culturally , and I would say that they have changed as well as cognitively .
Because we have no need to remember , sometimes it seems to us , we 've forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet where people still are passionate about this idea of a trained , disciplined memory , which is this very unique competition of memory .
It 's actually not that singular ; there are skills like this worldwide .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a group of researchers from University College in London invited a memory champions , to the lab .
They wanted to know : Is it going to have brains in some way , structural or <unk> of the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
Are they smarter than the rest ?
They gave them a cognitive test battery , and the answer was actually not .
There was a really interesting , meaningful difference between the brains of memory champions and the ones of the control subjects that you compared to .
When they put them in an MRI MRI machine , they <unk> their brains as they <unk> numbers , faces and forms of snowflakes . They found that in memory champions , they were taking parts of the brain , different to each other .
They actually used , or they seemed to use , a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something we can learn from this ?
The automotive tournament tournament as an armed race in where each year appears to someone with a new way of remembering more things , more quickly , and then the rest of the competitors must get to the day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times a memory champion .
In his desk , in front of him , there are 36 <unk> of random cards that he 's about to try to memorize an hour , using a technique that he invented and he just mastered it .
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of chewing random binary .
In half an hour . Yes .
And while there 's a lot of ways to remember things in these skills , absolutely all techniques used to be reduced to one concept that psychologists call `` coding <unk> . ''
It is illustrates with an elegant paradox called the paradox `` <unk> . ''
That 's his last name .
And then I 'm asking you , `` Remember , there 's a <unk> . ''
And when I go back later , and I ask them , `` Do you remember that word I told you a while ? ''
`` You remember what it was ? ''
The person who told him that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who said his work is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different capacity to memory -- that 's weird .
What happens here ?
Well , the name of Baker , does n't really mean anything for you .
I have all the other memories dancing by your head .
But the word `` <unk> '' -- we know a lot .
They use white hats .
They have flour in their hands .
They 're okay when they go home to work .
You probably know some baker .
And when I was going to get that word for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> to <unk> them at some time back .
Two of the most elaborate techniques to do this two years ago in Ancient Greece .
It 's known as the courthouse .
The story says this : There was a poet called <unk> who attended a <unk> .
They had hired it as entertainment , because before , if you wanted to give a very good party , you did n't get a DJ , you would hire a poet .
He stood up , <unk> his poem , and left left , and as soon as it was , the room of the hospital was collapsed .
killing everyone .
But not only killed all of them , but shattered the bodies , it took place .
Nobody could say who was there , nobody could remember where they were sitting there .
And so they could n't afford to do it .
It 's a tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , standing outside , only a survivor , in the middle of the rubble , closed the eyes and realized that with his mind , he could see where every guest had been sitting .
It took the relatives of the hand that they were in their hands on the rubble .
What <unk> warned at that moment is something that we all know more or intuitively intuitively , and it 's that no matter whether we 're not good to remember names or instructions or instructions or instructions for the word of our colleagues , we have visual memory and a remarkable space .
So if I 'm going to tell you that I 'm going to give you the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about <unk> , it 's very likely to find them very hard .
But I would bet you who would tell you to say who I was sitting on the horse <unk> in his lobby , they would be able to <unk> .
The idea of that memory palace is to create this building with the eyes of his mind and <unk> of images with the things that you want to remember , the more crazy , a funny , funny , funny and <unk> is the image , more unforgettable .
This is an advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago , the first treaties of memory , in Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and want to do this memory , in the same way that he would have made it Cicero , if they had been invited to <unk> 2,000 years ago .
What you could do is imagine you 're at the door of your house .
And to come up with some sort of absolutely ridiculous , crazy , unforgettable image , to help them remember that the first thing they want to mention is that completely <unk> competition .
And then you can imagine moving into your house , and you see the <unk> of <unk> Ed .
And that will remind you that you want to introduce his friend Ed Cook .
And then you would see Britney Spears in order to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to count .
And then they come in the kitchen , and the fourth topic that they would talk to be that strange journey that they did for an entire year , and they have some friends to help you remember it .
So it 's like the Roman speakers <unk> their speeches , not word for word , which is a word for the word , which is typical by typical .
In fact , the term `` typical '' comes from the Greek `` <unk> , '' which means `` place . ''
It 's a breath of when people thought about speaking and rhetoric with this kind of space terms .
The phrase `` First , '' it would be like the first place in her palazzo .
I saw that this was just fascinating , and I got up with it .
I went to some of these memory skills , and I had the idea of writing something large about this subculture of competitive <unk> .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is an pathologically boring event .
And seriously , it 's like seeing a lot of people sitting on testing . I mean , the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets to their forehead .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people , but I do n't have access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in place .
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sat down to the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an old school yearbook , bought a <unk> market .
And I discovered this was fun .
I would never expect it to be .
It was fun , because it was n't just about training the memory .
What it is actually about doing is to improve increasingly the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous , cartoons , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of mind .
I was really hooked with this .
This is me , using my standard training team for memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> , covered with tape , leaving just two <unk> , because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory of a memory .
And I ended up coming back to the same contest I had covered a year before . I had the idea that you could enter into a kind of participatory journalism experiment .
I thought this could be good epilogue for all my research .
The problem was that the experiment was out of control .
And I won the competition , something that did n't have to happen .
Of course it 's cute , you can memorize speeches , and phone numbers , and shopping lists , but actually this is not the point .
These are so just tricks .
Because they are based on quite basic principles about how the brain works .
And it 's not necessary to be built out of the memory of memory or memorize <unk> of cards , and to benefit from a little bit of insights about how your mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The great memories are educated .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
It 's when we focus deeply .
The palace of memory -- these memory techniques are just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they make us <unk> .
It 's a kind of deep processing processing , a complete kind of complete attention that most of them are not going to lie around .
But the reality is , there are no shortcuts .
That 's how it becomes memorable .
And if there 's something I want to leave you with today , that 's what <unk> , the <unk> I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , left me , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose from what 's already our short existence on the Blackberries or your iPhones , not paying attention to being human in front of us , who walks around our side . Are we going to be so smart that we would n't even be able to process ourselves in depth ?
I learned from the first hand that there are amazing memory capabilities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you must be the kind of person who remembers to remember .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex subject , so we would only get a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I am a former Jersey of Le Jersey , I was six and I lived there at my parents ' house in a village called <unk> , and this was my child 's bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom who shared my sister .
And , between my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the living room .
And I would all spend the time watching TV . So every time I went out of my room to the bathroom , everyone would look at me , and every time I got stuck and I 'd come back in a towel , everybody looked at me .
And I was like that .
It was awkward , insecure and hated it .
<unk> that balcony , hated that balcony , hated that balcony , hated that balcony .
That 's the architecture .
Ready .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that 's the power of architecture , because architecture is not about mathematics , or division of zones , but of those gut connections , emotional connections , that we feel in the places we deal with .
And no wonder we feel like that , because according to the Environmental Protection Agency , the American Protection Agency spends 90 percent of their time under roof .
That 's , 90 percent of the time we are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
Architecture determines us in ways we do n't even realize it .
That makes us a little naive and very , very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what raises `` power , '' `` stability '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know that it 's going to be based on a building 2,500 years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that 's using architects to create an emotional connection with the ways that we build our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long , long time .
We used it 200 years ago to build banks .
We used it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the 20th century in the U.S. , we use it to build houses .
Look , these stable , solid <unk> , front of the sea , away from the elements .
This is very , very useful , because building things is terrifying .
It 's expensive , it takes a long time and it 's very complicated .
The people who build , the <unk> and governments , are always afraid of innovation , and they prefer to use ways that you know are going to work .
So we found ourselves with buildings like this .
It 's a beautiful building .
It 's the <unk> Public Library that 's been finished in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , it has a dome ; columns , columns , red brick , which leave the <unk> , which leave the <unk> , which stops trying to communicate with this building : children , property values , history .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year , in 2004 , on the other side of the country , the other library looks like that .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital age .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet and read and share .
So , how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both so-called libraries , are that completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works on the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side is innovation ; the architects constantly drive new technologies , new replay , new solutions for the forms of life today .
<unk> , we 'll push ourselves and push it so much , that we get completely away from people .
And all of black , this is depressed . You think we feel very well , but we 're dead inside because we do n't have another choice .
We need to go to the other side and go back to those appreciated symbols .
So we 're all happy , and we 're all happy , but we 're feeling like <unk> , so we start to experiment again ; we make a swing of the back to go ahead and over and over again . So we 've done it over the last 300 years , of course , in the last 30 years .
Well , 30 years ago , 30 years ago , we came up with the 1970s .
Architects were busy experimenting with called `` <unk> . ''
It 's about concrete .
You can guess .
Small <unk> , on dehumanizing scale .
Something really hard .
So we 're approaching the '80s , and we started to incorporate those symbols .
Let 's put the pendulum back in the other direction .
We take those ways that we know that I like and <unk> them .
<unk> neon and adding pies and we use new materials .
They love it .
We do n't give them <unk> .
We took cabinets <unk> , and we turned it into skyscrapers , and we made it into skyscrapers , that you can be made of medieval seafood .
<unk> forms , won in audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
swans grew up to the size of buildings .
<unk> crazy .
But they were the '80s , that was great .
We all spent time in commercial malls , we moved to neighborhoods , and there in the suburbs , we could create our own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasies could be in the Mediterranean , the French or the Italian .
Maybe with an endless sample of bread sticks .
This is what happens with <unk> .
This is what happens to the symbols .
They 're easy , because instead of creating new spaces , we visualize memories of other places .
I know very well , and all of you know , this is not from Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
Architects are frustrated , and we started to swing the pendulum back in the other direction .
In the 1980s and early '90s , we started to experiment with the <unk> called <unk> .
It 's going to be the historical symbols ; we now have new <unk> techniques , and we find new compositions techniques , and a few ways that are <unk> against other forms .
This is academic and <unk> , and it 's <unk> ; you have completely excluded .
Normally , the pendulum <unk> again .
But then something amazing happened .
In 1997 , it opened this building .
It 's the Guggenheim in Bilbao , Frank Gehry .
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when academics , academic and public in general , were completely agreed about a building .
The New York Times <unk> <unk> this miracle construction .
The tourism in Bilbao raised in a 2,500 percent when the building ended .
So all of a sudden , everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is it possible that these shapes , wild and radical , how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world ?
And it happened , because the media went around around them , and we quickly learned that those ways meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these shapes .
The same thing made the leading mayors of the world .
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon of the beginning of the new millennium happened with other star architects .
It happened to intimidate and Libeskind , and what happened with these few elite architects at the new threshold of the new millennium , actually started to go through all architecture . The digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption .
Think , for example , how do you consume architecture .
A thousand years ago , they would have to have walked up to the next town to see a building .
The transportation goes down : you can take a ship , an airplane , you can be tourists .
Technology accelerates . You can see in the newspapers , on TV , and at the end , we 're all photographers from architecture , and the building is transported beyond its physical location .
Architecture is everywhere -- that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture is moving so fast .
It 's not very accurate to think about a building .
It takes a long time to build a building , three or four years old , and in that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 buildings more , before the one I designed about four years ago was a success or not .
Because there has never been a good feedback in architecture .
That 's how we found buildings like this .
<unk> was not a two-year-old movement , but 20 years old .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this because we did n't have any idea how much they were .
That 's never going to happen . I think , because we 're at the greatest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete , steel or the lift , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when the pendulum applies to media , it starts to swing it faster and faster , until you 're going to be in both extreme extremes , and it becomes effectively the difference between innovation and symbol , between us , architects , and you , the audience .
We can now make almost instantaneously , with emotional charge , of something completely new .
I 'm going to show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that caught fire .
This is the center of a village called <unk> in Fire Island in the state of New York .
It 's a holiday community .
But that meant two years before the building was finished , it was part of the community , and as the drawings looked exactly to the finished product , there was no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer , when people started coming and shared it in social media , the building stopped being a building , it became a media , because these are not just images of a building , it 's the images that one made the building .
And as you use it to tell your story , you become part of personal narrative , and that makes us engage with collective memory , and when you load these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks to tell us how to think architecture .
We can tell each other what we think about architecture , because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us , but they have changed the relationship between us and the buildings .
Think for a second in those <unk> librarians .
If that building was built today , first we would go to the Internet for `` new libraries . ''
I 'm bombarded by examples of testing examples , of innovation , about what a library can be .
That 's ammunition .
<unk> that you can bring to the mayor of knitting , <unk> people , and tell you that there is no unique answer to what a library can be today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives freedom to experience .
Everything is different now .
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that are using words <unk> and complicated drawings , and you 're not a hapless audience who does n't accept something I have n't seen before .
Architects can listen , and you do n't leave to intimidate by architecture .
That means the pendulum <unk> from one style to another , from a movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find the proper solutions to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different from the buildings today .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad <unk> <unk> of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium should be .
This means that some robots can build our buildings , because we 'll finally be ready for the ways that they 're going to produce .
That means that buildings will fall into the whims of nature and not otherwise .
This means a parking garage garage in Miami Beach , Florida , also can serve for sport or yoga , or even you can get married there at night .
What this means is that three architects can dream with swimming in the East River in New York City , and raising half a million dollars of a united community around that cause , is no longer a customer alone .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this little pavilion of <unk> , as varied as the animals that are going to look at .
Because it does n't matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
The architects already know how to make buildings more ecological , smarter and kinder .
We 've been waiting for all of you to do it .
Finally , we 're not on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot of play .
Buildings do n't only reflect our society , but they shape the smallest spaces : local libraries , the homes where we formed our children , and the step of the bedroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned a year and started walking .
And it does that very cool way , typical of the children of a year , <unk> , as if their body was moving too fast for his legs .
It 's totally precious .
And one of the things you like to do for the moment is look to look in the mirror .
She really loves his reflection .
He laughed and <unk> , and it gives himself these big , wet kisses .
It 's beautiful .
Apparently , all of his friends do this , and my mom tells me I used to do it , and it made me think , `` When stopped doing this ? ''
How are we suddenly not taste with our appearance ?
Because apparently we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people are looking for Google : `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 years old and she lives in Denver .
And as a teenager , it just wants to be loved and fit in .
It 's Sunday at night .
It 's preparing for the next week in school .
It 's a bit of fear , it 's a little confused because , even though her mom tells you all the time it 's beautiful , every day in school , someone tells him she 's ugly .
Among what his mom tells you and what his friends , or school colleagues tell him , does n't know who to believe .
So a video of it itself , he publishes it on YouTube , and she asks others , please let a comment , `` Am I beautiful or Am I ugly ? ''
Well , until now , <unk> has received more than 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so unpleasant that they do n't even deserve to think about them .
We talked about a healthy , normal and current teenager that receives these answers in one of the most emotionally vulnerable life .
Thousands of people are publishing them like this , mostly teenage girls trying to communicate in this way .
But what are it taking them to do this ?
Well , teenagers today are almost never alone .
They 're under pressure to be online and available all the time , talking , <unk> , giving `` I like , '' talking about , sharing , sharing , this is never finished .
Never before we 've been so connected , in an ongoing way , so young , so young .
As a mother said to me , `` It 's like there 's a party in your bedroom every night . ''
There 's just no privacy .
And the social pressures that go from the hand with that are cold .
This environment , of being always connected , is <unk> our children to <unk> based on the number of `` I like '' they have and the kinds of comments that they get .
There is no division between a life online and the real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what 's real or what it is n't .
And it 's also very hard to know the difference between what it is authentic and what is digitally manipulated .
What is the most prominent thing in someone 's life in front of what is normal in a daily context ?
And where are they looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of images that are covers of the girls ' news .
<unk> magnitude still follow our <unk> .
The technique of <unk> is now a routine .
And trends like : # <unk> , # <unk> , # <unk> .
For those of the <unk> , it <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today .
It 's not hard to see what the young people can compare .
But kids are not immune to this .
And like the superheroes of the sport , and the singers who are <unk> .
But what 's the problem with all of this ?
Well , we surely want our kids to grow healthy , and they 're very good individuals .
But in a <unk> culture , we 're teaching our kids to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance , the price of every other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical capacities , their studies and other aspects begin to suffer .
Six of every 10 girls will prefer not to do something because they think you 're not pretty much like this .
These are not trivial activities .
They are fundamental activities for its growth as human beings , and as a taxpayer to society , to the field of labor development .
31 percent , almost one in three teenagers are not interested in arguments in arguments . They 're going to be involved in arguments in classroom because they do n't want to attract attention for their physical looks .
One of five are not attending classes at all in the days when they 're not comfortable about it .
And in the test season , if you do n't think you see that good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get a lower note to the average of your peers who do n't care about it .
And this phenomenon has been widespread in Finland , the United States and China .
And it comes in regardless of what these young people actually weigh .
So , to make sure , we 're talking about how you look , not how you 're really .
The low self-esteem on his body is <unk> academic performance .
And it 's also <unk> health .
Schools with little self-esteem do less physical activity , they eat less fruits and vegetables , they 're involved in more not healthy diet that can bring them into a food disorder .
They have low self-esteem .
They 're more easily aware of the people around them and they 're at greatest risk of depression .
And we think it 's all about this because of what they make more risky decisions , like alcohol and drug consumption , dramatic diets , aesthetic surgery , sexual activity , early ages and no protection and damage .
The perfect body for the perfect body is pushing the healthcare system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who believe they 're overweight again , regardless of whether they have no higher rates of stakes .
17 percent of women do n't present to a job interview in a day where they do n't feel comfortable with the way they look .
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would that opportunity be ?
Let 's make this potential for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , speaking , I just do n't get very far away .
It 's not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key shapes . The first is that we have to instill trust in their own body .
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-worth .
The good news is there are a lot of software available to do that .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was really amazed when I learned that a lot of well-intentioned programs , without realizing , make the situation worse .
So , we must make sure that the program that our children follow is not only a positive impact , but also a lasting impact .
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six ways are crucial points points for anybody willing to provide an education in your body self-worth .
A education is fundamental , but to deal with this problem requires each of us that we take the driver 's seat and be a better model for the women and girls in our own lives .
challenging the current status of the way women are seen and mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to have the contribution of our politicians in courts of hair , or the size of his breasts , or he pointed out that determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start to judge people why they are , not as you see .
All of us can start by making the responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not their appearance .
And let me ask you : When was the last time you put a mirror ?
In short , we have to work together as communities , as governments and as companies , to truly change our culture , so that our children will grow to be valuing their own person , valuing individuality , diversity , inclusion .
We need to put people who are actually making a difference on a pedestal .
It 's going to make a difference in the real world , let 's make them out on the big screen , because we just create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they think they 're never aware of the people who are , or the ones that they want in their lives .
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives .
Who are you in mind ?
Your wife ?
Your sister ?
Your daughter ?
Do your niece ?
It could be simply the woman who is in two o'clock seats . What would it mean for her if it was released from that voice <unk> inside , who haunts it not to have long legs , nasty thighs , a higher <unk> , smaller <unk> ?
What would it mean for her if we did this , and would you unlock your potential for that way ?
Right now , the obsession of our culture with images is holding back to everyone .
But let 's make our children the truth .
It turns out that the way you see you is just a part of your identity , and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do , and as they make us feel .
They 're focusing on the rsums of our schools .
Let 's change each of us , the way we speak and compare to other people .
And we work together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the small <unk> of a age of today , they become insurance agents themselves tomorrow .
So let 's do it .
Five of November 1990 , a gentleman named <unk> <unk> entered a hotel on Manhattan and killed by rabbi Meir <unk> , the leader of the League of Defense <unk> .
So initially , he was initially innocent , but I was in jail for other minor charges , in the company of others , started planning attacks from about 12 cones in New York , including tunnels , synagogues , and the United Nations headquarters .
Luckily , those plans would be taken by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the pump in 1993 in the World Trade Center was n't allowed to avoid .
Later , she would be convicted of his participation in that bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being an Egyptian engineer , with an American mother , elementary school teacher , between both of you made it all possible for giving me a happy childhood .
Only when I was seven , our family started to change .
My father taught me a form of Islam , which very few , even many Muslims , come to meet .
For experience , I saw that when people take time to interact , it 's not much required to get the same things in life .
However , in all religion , in every single human group , there 's always a tiny fraction of people who are going to be paralyzed by their convictions who thinks they have to use all possible media for everyone to live like them .
A few months before arrest he sat with me and explained to me that in the last weekends , he and some friends , had been going to throw shot in Long Island training to practice .
He told me that I would go with him the next day .
We came up with the <unk> shot that , without knowing our group , was with the FBI .
When I was hitting , my father helped me hold the rifle on the shoulder , and he explained to me how to aim for about 30 meters .
That day , with the last bullet that shot him to the little orange light about the target , and to surprise you all , especially mine , all the goal burst .
My uncle went back to others and in Arabic , said , `` <unk> <unk> . ''
As a parent .
Everybody , the comment produced a lot of laughter , but only a few years later , I understood what they were so funny .
You saw in me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
Those people later would be convicted by putting a stick with 700 pounds of explosives on the underground parking lot of the World Trade Center , causing an explosion that killed six people and hurt others 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called them `` <unk> , '' which means uncle .
When I was 19 , I had moved me 20 times . That instability during my childhood was not allowed to do a lot of friendships .
Every time I started to feel comfortable close to someone , it was time pack and go to another city .
As I was always the face of the new class , it was a <unk> victim .
<unk> my identity to avoid the white one , but it will be the new of the class , silent and chubby , was enough ammunition .
So most of the time was going on home reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons I did n't develop social skills , to say gently , for growing up <unk> , I was not prepared for the real world .
I was raised by opera to judge people , based on arbitrary indicators , like their race or their religion .
So how could I open your eyes ?
One of the first experiences that they put together my thinking , was during the presidential elections of 2000 .
In a <unk> program I participated in at the prime National Convention in Philadelphia .
My group was <unk> on the subject of juvenile violence , as I had been a victim of <unk> , almost my entire life , was something that I felt a lot of passion .
The members of this group came from different backgrounds .
One day , at the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the kids who we had done friendship , was Jewish .
I took several days out of the light , and I realized that there was no animosity between the two .
I had never had a Jewish friend and quite frankly , I was very proud to have been able to beat the barrier that my entire life had made me believe it was <unk> .
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush 's Bush , an amusement park .
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures , and that experience was fundamental to the development of my character .
The whole life had taught me that <unk> was a sin , and by extension , all gay men were bad influences .
By chance , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there , in a show , and I could see that several of them were the kinder and least critics I 'd seen in life .
Having been bullied , I developed a sense of empathy for others ' suffering , but it was n't easy for me to treat kind of nice , exactly the way I wish it would be treated .
For that feeling I could contrast the stereotypes that I had taught me about a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know what that is to be homosexual , but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control .
Then came the `` Daily Show . ''
Every night , Jon Stewart made me intellectually about my <unk> , and I was helping to see that the race of people , religion or sexual orientation , have nothing to do with character .
In many ways , he became my wake figure at a moment where I was desperately <unk> .
Occasionally , the inspiration can come from the unexpected , and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my own life that my own father , extremist , was not in vain .
One day I had a conversation with my mother on how I was changing my way to think , and she told me something to keep in my heart forever , while he 's alive .
She looked at me with the eyes of someone who has suffered enough with endless pants , and he said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that moment , I realized how much negative energy it takes to keep all that hatred inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family was able to break the relationship to my father and start a new life .
So why decided to go out and put myself in a possible risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done it because I hope someone , someday , who 's going to take the violence , can hear my story , and understand that there 's a better path , that even though I 'm going to join this violent ideology and <unk> , I did n't get a fan of myself .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice .
I do it by the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , and the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives .
For the victims of terrorism to speak , those acts of terrorism , as a rejection of my father 's actions .
With this simple question , I put the proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race , that children do n't have to follow the paths of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you very much .
At this moment , there 's a film that 's projects in your mind .
It 's an amazing <unk> film .
It 's in 3D , and it has <unk> sound of what you hear and you see right now . But that 's just the beginning .
Your film has scent , flavor and texture .
It feels your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotions , anger and happiness .
It has memories , as a moment of childhood that we project in front of your eyes .
And it 's constantly having a voice superimposed on your conscious thinking .
The heart of the movie is you who experiences all live .
This film is your flow of consciousness , the subject of the experience of the mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of human beings .
Each of us is conscious .
We all have an inner film , you , you and you and you .
There 's nothing we know more directly .
At least , I know that I have an awareness for yourself .
I 'm not sure you 're conscious .
Consciousness is also a reason to live .
If we were n't conscious , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time , it 's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these internal movies ?
Why are n't we just robots that we 're going to do to produce results without experiencing the inner movie ?
Right now , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate awareness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible for consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , is subjective .
So there can never be a science of consciousness .
Because for almost all the 20th century , we 'll get that vision .
psychology studied objectively a objectively behavior , neuroscience , studying the objectively brain , but nobody mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
After , 20 years ago , it all started to change .
<unk> as Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Shepherd said , `` now it 's time for science to change consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , a flourishing of the scientific work about consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of consciousness in the recent years was the pursuit of correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw something about this guy in the fantastic work that I was presented with Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
We now understand much better , for example , the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feel happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain types of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain to consciousness . The questions about what certain brain areas do , which is what it correlate .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
I do n't offend neuroscientists .
Actually , there 's no easy problems with consciousness .
Well do n't address the true mystery of this matter : Why all the physical process in the brain have to be accompanied with consciousness ?
Why is there an subjective internal movie ?
Right now , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's give it a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to turn into another emerging phenomenon like traffic jams , like hurricanes , like life , and we 're going to find explanation .
The typical <unk> are all of emergent behaviors , how they operate the traffic jams , how the hurricanes work , how they reproduce , they adapt and metabolizing the living organisms . They 're all questions about how to work .
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon : how we walk , how we talk , how do we play chess ; all these are questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , the questions about behavior are among easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why is it that all behavior is accompanied with an subjective experience ?
And here it is , the standard paradigm of the emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually still does n't have much to say .
I 'm a <unk> scientist .
I want a scientific theory of <unk> that works . For a long time , I was beating my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure terms that would work .
But at the end , I came to the conclusion that that did n't work for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to get them at this point .
We have a chain of wonderful explanations , great . We get used to this ; physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology account for part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit into this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
On the other hand , we do n't know how to accommodate that idea of our scientific worldview .
I think consciousness , right now , is sort of an anomaly , something that we need to integrate to our view of the world , but we do n't know still how .
With an anomaly like this , you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that when you start crazy , before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There 's some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who 's here today , has one .
Her crazy idea is that there 's no hard problem of consciousness .
All the idea of the inner subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion .
Actually , what you need to do , is to explain the objective functions , the behaviors of the brain , and this is studies all that needs explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a purely reductionist theory based on the brain .
At the same time , for me and for many others , that vision is pretty close to simply denying that the observation of consciousness is satisfying .
But I go in a different direction .
In the time it 's left , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks : space , time and mass .
<unk> fundamental laws that govern , like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics .
These laws and fundamental properties are no longer explain in terms of any more basic terms .
Instead , they 're considered fundamental , and that 's where the world is built .
Sometimes the list is <unk> .
In the 19th century Maxwell discovered that you ca n't explain electric phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts , space , time , mass , Newton 's laws . So applied the basic laws of electromagnetism , and applied the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern .
I think that 's the situation we find ourselves with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas , space , time , mass , load , then by a matter of logic , you have to <unk> the list .
The most natural thing is to raise consciousness as fundamental as something fundamental , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that all of a sudden it 's not the object of science .
It opens the way to touch it scientifically .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect awareness to other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , physical processes .
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws that we can stamping them in a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like this .
We want to find fundamental laws as simple that we could stamping on a t-shirt .
We still do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision sometimes is called <unk> : `` Pan '' for everybody , `` Pan , '' for all of us , `` <unk> '' for the mind , not only humans , the dogs , the mice , the flies , even the microbes in Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons will be smart or think .
It 's not that a photon can be full of distress when you think `` Oh , always traveling at the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the roses . ''
No , that 's not .
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some element of raw , subjective feeling , some primitive precursor to consciousness .
This may sound a little bit crazy for you .
How did anyone think that crazy ?
And part of this comes from the first crazy idea , which consciousness is fundamental .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , it 's natural to assume that it can also be universal , just like others .
It 's also worth noticing that even though the idea is <unk> , it 's much less for people in different cultures , where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature .
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the most simple and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that <unk> thinking with the physical process , is <unk> awareness with information .
Whenever you have information processing , there 's awareness .
Green <unk> , as in a human being , complex consciousness .
Digital information : simple consciousness .
Something really exciting is that in the recent years a neuroscientist , a neuroscientist , took this kind of theory and developed it rigorously with mathematical methods .
It has a mathematical measure of information integration , which calls <unk> , which measures the amount of information integrated into a system .
And it 's supposed to do with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible level of information integration , a high degree of <unk> , a high degree of consciousness .
In a mouse , there is a middle degree of information integration , as significant as significant as a rather important degree of consciousness .
But when you get to the worms , microbes , particles , the degree of <unk> <unk> .
The level of information integration is lower , but it 's not zero either .
In <unk> theory , there will still be a different level of consciousness .
In fact there offers a fundamental law of consciousness , high degree of consciousness , high degree of consciousness .
Also , another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate consciousness into physical world .
Physical and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but we do n't talk about the reality underlying it .
As Stephen Hawking calls , `` Where does the fire come from ? ''
From vision , the equations of physics can leave you as they are , but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness .
That is what physicists do basically , describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is that puts fire in the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not outside the physical world as an additive species .
It 's right there at the center .
This vision , I think , <unk> vision , has the potential to <unk> our relationship with nature , and it can have social and ethical consequences .
Some can be <unk> .
I used to think that I should n't eat anything that was conscience , so I had to be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and accept that vision , you 'll get a lot of hunger .
I think about thinking about it , this tends to transform your visions , while what matters in ethical terms and moral choice , is not so much the fact of consciousness , but its importance and complexity .
It 's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha in the movie `` <unk> '' ?
Is it conscious ?
According to the vision of <unk> information , she has a complicated , integrated data processing , so the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , you have a pretty serious ethical problems , about the ethics of the development of smart computers and the <unk> ethic .
Finally , you can ask the consciousness of whole collective , the planet .
Canada has its own consciousness ?
Or at a more local level , an integrated group , like the audience in a TED Talk . Right now we have a TED conscience , an inner movie for this whole TED group , different from the inner movies of each of the parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least a question you have to take seriously .
So this <unk> vision , it 's a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's correct .
I 'm actually safer by the first idea crazy , that consciousness is fundamental , than the second one , that 's universal .
The vision raises a lot of questions , many challenges , like , how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love it .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we go on the right way to a serious consciousness theory .
If not , well , this is probably the most difficult problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait to solve it overnight .
But I think we will finally discover it .
Understanding consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we just need the crazy idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural village .
I had a very normal profile , a low education profile .
I went to school , and I was stuck with my friends , my friends fell down with my younger sisters .
It was all very normal .
And when I was 15 years old , a member of my community came up to my parents , because I wanted to give it to a community prize .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's pretty nice , but there 's an obvious problem .
She has n't actually gotten anything done . '' And they were right .
I went to school , I had good grades . After school , I had a low profile on the <unk> of my mother , and I spent a lot of time looking at the `` <unk> '' and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yeah , I know . What a contradiction .
But they were right .
I did n't do anything that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability out of the equation .
Years later , I was in the second part of teaching in a middle school school in Melbourne , just after about 20 minutes in the middle class 11 , a boy raised his hand and said , `` Hey , when to give to your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What the speech ? ''
Well , I 'd been talking about the law of defamation for a good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your <unk> speech .
When people on chairs , they talk about things going on school ? ''
`` Usually in the action room . ''
And it was then when I realized , this child had had experiences with people with disabilities as an inspiration .
And we 're not . And it 's not the blame for the kid , that 's true for many of us .
For us , people with disabilities are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We 're there to inspire .
And , in fact , I 'm on this stage where I do it in this wheelchair , and you 're probably waiting for inspire you . Right ? Yes .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid dramatically carefully .
I 'm not here for <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that you have lied to disability .
Yes , you have sold us the lie that disability is a bad thing , capital , capital M .
It 's a bad thing and living with a disability makes you fantastic .
It 's not a bad thing , and it does n't make you fantastic .
And over the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this lie through social media .
You may have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse is <unk> . ''
Or this one : `` Before leaving , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a lot of them .
You may have seen one , from the girl without a pencil drawing by the mouth .
You may have seen a child running on carbon fiber .
And there 's a lot of these images , which we call porn that we call porn .
And I use the porn term deliberately , because we 're going to make a group of people for the benefit of another group of people .
So in this case , we would encourage the disabled disabled .
The purpose of these images is to inspire them , to motivate them , so that we can see them , and think , `` Well , very bad for me to be my life , it might be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But if you 're that person ?
I 've lost the account of the number of times that I 've been approached strangers <unk> to express that I 'm brave or an inspiration source , and this will happen before my job was a public profile .
It was like I was getting up in getting up the morning and remember my own name . And this is <unk> .
These images , those images are giving people with disabilities in the benefit of people without disabilities .
They 're there for you to see them and think that things are n't so bad for you , or to put your worries in perspective .
And life as a disabled person is actually difficult .
Let 's get some things out .
But the things that we do are not the things that you can think about .
They are not things relative to our bodies .
I use the term `` disabled people , '' I deliberately describe because I was referred to called the social model of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very obsessed with him .
And the things I need to do , and I 've learned to get the best of your ability as well as you do , and that 's what happens with the children of those photos as well .
They 're not doing anything outside the common .
They 're just using their bodies getting the best of their own ability .
So is it really just fair to settle in the way we do , by sharing those images ?
When people say , `` You 're an inspiration source , '' says it 's like a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of lie , because they have sold that disability that disability makes us exceptional .
And honestly , it does n't do it .
And I know what you 're thinking .
I 'm here , you know , the inspiration , and you think , `` Oh my God , <unk> , are you sometimes inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I am .
I learn from other people with disabilities at all .
Yet I do n't learn that I 'm more lucky than them .
And I learn that this is a great idea to use some of the barbecue , to pick up the things that fall down , I learn the ingenious trick of how to load your phone phone on the chair of the chair .
Great .
We learn from the force and the resistance of others , not against our bodies and our diagnostics , but against a world that we 're going to do with us .
I really think that the lie that you have sold us about disability is the greatest injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's lie because it 's not true because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles at a stretch of stairs has never made it to become a ramp .
Never . <unk> on a television screen wo n't come up with the subtitles for deaf people .
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and acquire a positive outlook to turn all those books into braille .
It 's just not going to happen .
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl , sitting in his bedroom watching `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' is not considered no <unk> to be in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have as low expectations of people with disabilities that we 're going to be able to get up with bed and remembering our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine people of people with disabilities , and I want to live in a world where an 11 degree child in Melbourne 's middle school is not a little surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair user .
The disability does n't make us exceptional , but question what you think of about it , I know that it does .
Thank you .
What do augmented reality do and professional football , with empathy ?
And what is the average speed of a <unk> <unk> ?
Unfortunately , today , I 'm just going to answer one of those questions , so , please , do n't get wet .
When people think of augmented reality , thinks in `` Minority Report , '' and Tom Cruise <unk> the hands in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
Augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know , because augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how do we get to augmented reality ?
The first step , it 's what I 'm wearing : the Google Glass .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you may not know is that Glass Glass are a device that lets you see what I see .
It will allow them to experience what is a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is that I try to make it .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , under a helmet and knowing what it 's run by the game of the game at 160 miles an hour , the blood hitting your ears .
We can know that it feels like a 110 man 110 man would be angry , trying to do it with everything .
I 've been there and I assure you that it 's nothing nice .
I 'm going to show you some videos to show you what 's using Google Glass under the hull , and give you an idea of that .
Unfortunately , it 's not images of NFL practice , because the idea of the startup technology NFL is a submarine up to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's look at a video .
Chris <unk> : Come on .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
A moment . <unk> a little bit .
Are you ready ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what 's going to be <unk> in the football field , from the <unk> perspective .
You may have noticed that there are people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them from the University of Washington .
field <unk> : mice 54 : mice ! 54 !
Blue 8 , Blue 8 ! Come on !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more about the feeling being in the field , but it has nothing to do with the NFL .
<unk> want that experience .
<unk> want to be in the field , being their favorite players , and they 've asked me on YouTube and on Twitter , `` You can see from the angle of a <unk> field angle .
Or from a corridor ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we go full , how do we take it to the next level ?
We took it to that level using something called the Rift <unk> , which surely many you already know .
The Rift century has been described as the most realistic possible device ever created , and it 's not cheap .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no ! I do n't want to keep playing ! No !
Oh , my God ! Ah !
CK : That 's the experience of a man on a Russian mountain who 's at a <unk> mountain .
What will be the experience of a fan , when you put up a video from Adrian <unk> across the line , you 're entitled a <unk> with the arm before running and make an notation ? What will be the experience of a fan .
When can you be able to run through the court , throwing the ball back into the bottom of the network , or would you be able to stick in Wimbledon ?
What will be your experience when it goes off a mountain over 100 miles an hour like a Olympic skier ?
Maybe you get rid of the diapers of diapers for adults .
But this is not yet augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we get augmented reality , do you know ?
Do augmented reality be when the coaches , the coaches , the <unk> and the owners see the information that people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our teams ?
How do we use it to win games ? ''
Because they always use technology to win .
They like to win . It gives you money .
So , here 's a quick review of technology in the NFL .
In 1965 , the Baltimore <unk> put a <unk> to their field <unk> to play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to imitate them .
More people saw the party because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL put radios into the fields of the field and then in the defenses .
They had more viewers , because it was faster , more fun .
In <unk> , imagine that you 're a player coming back to your group , and you see your next one , shown in front of you , in a plastic bombsight that you take . You wo n't have to worry about forgetting a way .
You have to memorize the strategy .
They just go out to the countryside and they react .
And the coaches want it because if they do n't follow their instructions , they lose games , and they hate to lose parties .
If you lose playing parties as a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just a manual strategies better .
Augmented reality is also a way to gather information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game .
How would you do it ?
Well , a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium , having a view from the top of the people at the bottom .
You also get information from the boxes and <unk> , something that 's already been working on .
And all that information is send to your players .
The good teams will know it .
The bad guys will have information overload .
This is going to make the good equipment of the bad guys .
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts , and data analysis will stop being for nerds .
It 's also to athletes , who would have imagined ?
How would it be in the field ?
Imagine that it 's the field <unk> .
They put out the ball and <unk> .
They 're going to get an open receptor . Suddenly , a flashlight on the left side of your bombsight is going to tell you that a defense behind you goes to <unk> . Normally , you do n't see it , but the <unk> system will tell you .
They put out the area of protection .
Another flashlight , you know , there 's an open receptor .
You put out the ball , but you 'll break it down .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land , however , the receiver sees in its bombsight an area of grass that lights up and can modify the race .
He 's coming up , it takes the ball and it runs and you bring it up .
The audience goes crazy and fans have been followed by moving from every angle .
This is something that will create massive emotion in the game .
So I 'll make lots of people see it , because people want to live that experience .
<unk> want to be in the field .
They want to be your favorite player .
Augmented reality will be part of the sport because it 's too cost-effective to not be .
But what I ask you is : Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we going to use it just like bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings , to show someone what it is , literally , being in the other person 's place .
We know what this technology is worth for your sport .
It generates billions of dollars a year .
But how much is this technology for a professor in the classroom trying to show a <unk> , how are your actions ?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how are they being pursued ?
How much do it also for an alien <unk> or an Neil <unk> trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of <unk> and <unk> notes ?
Ladies and gentlemen , augmented reality comes around .
The questions that we make , the decisions we take and the challenges that we face , they depend on , like always , of us .
Thank you .
I recently retire after 23 years of <unk> in the <unk> <unk> of California .
Most of those 23 years , I spent the country on the southern county of <unk> County , which includes the Golden Gate Bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , which is known to globally by its beautiful view of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its inspiring <unk> .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most used places in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was opened in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , a head engineer to build the bridge , said that , `` The bridge is pretty much to test suicide .
suicide from the bridge is not practical or likely . ''
But from their openness , over 1,600 people have jumped to death from that bridge .
Some of them believe that traveling between the two towers will take to another dimension , this bridge has been idealized as such , such that every one of it releases you from all your worries and pain , and the waters that go under <unk> your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used for suicide .
After a <unk> from four to five seconds , the body falls into the water about 120 miles an hour .
The breaks impact on bones , some of which <unk> organs .
Most people die in the impact .
Those who do n't , usually in the water is helpless , and then they drown .
I do n't think that the suicide method is going to realize that they 're going to be facing .
This is the wire .
Except about the two towers , there are 32 inches of parallel steel from parallel steel .
This is where most people have before they got to get their lives .
I can tell you about experience that once the person is on that edge , and in the darker moment , it 's very difficult to bring them back .
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to an officer looking at an officer .
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we did n't have any formal training .
We 're going to try to channel the path through these calls .
This was not just a bad service for those who have suicide , but the officers also .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , veterans and psychologists train the new officials .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met this July 22 last year when he was having a call of a suicide subject , sitting on the <unk> <unk> .
<unk> , and when I arrived , I looked at Jason talking to an official from the Golden Gate Bridge .
Jason was 32 years old , and I had flown up here from New Jersey .
In fact , I 'd flown until two times before , from New Jersey to try to commit suicide from this bridge .
After about an hour talking to Jason , he asked us if we knew the story of Pandora 's box .
<unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> created Pandora , and sent it to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity can Pandora , and she opened the box .
And she came out pests , sorrows , and all sorts of evils against man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So Jason asked us , `` What if you open the box and there is no hope ? ''
He stopped a few moments , leaned on the right , and it was .
This kind of smart <unk> boy from New Jersey had just taken out of life .
I talked to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , it did n't seem to be ringing very well , because the next day , the family of the family called me to see how he was .
The parents of Jason had been asked .
<unk> damage to suicide affect a lot of people .
I ask you these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or somebody else was suicide ?
What would you say ?
<unk> what to say ?
In my experience , it 's not just about talking , but you have to listen .
Listening to understand .
<unk> , <unk> , or tell the person you know how it feels like , because you probably do n't know .
Just being there , you can be the tipping point that you need .
If you think somebody is suicidal , you 're not afraid of <unk> and ask the question .
One way to ask them the question is , `` Other people in similar circumstances have been thinking about finishing your life ; you 've had these thoughts ? ''
<unk> the person in front can save the life and be the tipping point for them .
Other signs look for : despair , I believe that things are terrible and they will never improve ; they 're going to argue , believe that there 's nothing you can do about it -- a recent social isolation , and a loss of interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady and I 'd like to read you your letter .
She lost his son on the 19th of January this year , and he wrote me this email just a couple of days ago , and it 's with his permission and blessing that I read .
`` Hello , Kevin . I guess you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking I should go foot on the bridge this week .
I just wanted to leave you on a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends who tell her friends , etc .
I 'm still quite numb , but noticing more moments of realizing that Mike wo n't come home .
Mike was driving in <unk> to San Francisco to watch the bank of his 49 father on the 19th of January .
It never got there .
I called the police of <unk> and has been reported as disappeared that night .
The next morning , two officers came to my house , and reported that Mike 's car was down on the bridge .
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge to the <unk> of the day before .
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been wrong without having a real mental illness ?
It should n't be so easy to end up with it .
My prayers are with you for your struggle .
The <unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and tour the way his son took that day , and also the value to go ahead .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man that I 'm talking about hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I said to a radio call for a possible subject on the sidewalk <unk> on the <unk> tower .
I led my bike on the sidewalk and looked at this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , it crossed the railing immediately , and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
Over the hour and a half later , I heard like Kevin talked about her depression and despair .
Kevin decided to come back over that lane and give life another opportunity .
When Kevin came back , he <unk> it .
`` This is a new beginning , a new life . ''
But I asked him , `` What was he going to go back and gave him hope and life another opportunity ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` You 've heard me .
You leave me talk and just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from the mother of Kevin , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to do it .
`` Dear Lord <unk> , I did n't erase the March 11th events , and you 're one of the reasons that Kevin <unk> with us .
I really think Kevin was <unk> for help .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it 's been properly <unk> .
She took Kevin to Kevin when I only had six months , completely unconscious of all those kinds of traits , but thank God , now we know .
Kevin is in order , as he says .
We thank God for you .
<unk> with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end , she writes , `` <unk> . When I went to General San Francisco Hospital that night , you 're going to <unk> as the patient .
`` Wow , I did have to solve ! ''
Today , Kevin is a loving father and an active man .
It talks openly about the events that day and their depression with the hope that his story is to inspire others .
suicide is not just something that I 've found in the work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather killed himself with poison .
That act , despite finishing their own pain , <unk> .
This is what suicide does .
For most people suicide , or those who consider suicide , would n't think about hurt someone else .
They just want their own pain .
Typically , this is achieved only three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol or death .
In my career , I 've answered , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and suicide calls around the bridge .
Of those incidents I 've been directly involved with , I 've only lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other one was a man who was talking about an hour .
For that time , I 'm going to hold my hand at three times .
In the end hand , I looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I have to go . ''
And he jumped .
Awful , absolutely horrible .
I want to tell you , though , that the vast majority of the people that we get to contact with that bridge is not suicide .
Also , those few people who have jumped the bridge and lived , and that you can talk about it , that one percent or two percent , most of those people have said to the second that they leave the railing realized that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge is not only connected to San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or bridge that we do , is something that all and every one of us have to work with to do .
suicide can be prevent .
There 's help . There 's hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you be what you 're not , but in your inside you know what you are , and one question makes you become that ?
I have to be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone , anyway , I 'm alone .
When I became a model , I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had since a child .
My outside , finally , <unk> with my truth inside , with my inner self .
It 's for complicated reasons , I 'm going to go back later , when I look at this picture , I think , `` You 've got this thing <unk> , you got it , you got . ''
But last October , I discovered that I 'm just starting .
We 're all affecting our families , our religion , our society , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some of them have the value of free , to get rid of the limitations of the skin color or by the beliefs of those around us .
These are people who are always challenging the status quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my friends , my agent , even ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called epiphany .
This is mine .
I was recorded as `` child '' at birth because of the appearance of my genitals .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my house , I would always wear this t-shirt on your head .
And my mom would ask me , `` Why do you always take that t-shirt on your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to do it .
The gender has always considered a unchanging fact , but now we know that , really , it 's a more complex and mysterious thing .
Because of my success , I would never help share my story , not because I thought it will be what I am bad , but why the world is about those of us who want to free free .
Every single day I appreciate being a woman .
I have my mom , dad and a family who will accept me as I am .
Many are not so lucky .
There 's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Hindu god , goddess of <unk> .
And when I was eight , I was at a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage , and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me , and I remember that moment as if something happened to me : This is the kind of woman I 'd like to be .
And when I was 15 years old , when he was still wearing a man , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the director of a transgender beauty competition .
That night , she asked me , `` Why have n't you ever been involved in beauty competition ? ''
He told me that if she was going to take care of the tuition and the costume , and that night , he won in the bathroom suit , he won a <unk> of <unk> , and she was a third finalist among more than 40 candidates .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , I was inside the world of beauty .
Not a lot of people can say their first work was queen 's beauty of transgender women , but I can .
I also met the goddess of children , especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippines .
But more importantly , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 , my mom , who had moved to San Francisco , called me and told me that they passed my green card application that I could go to live in the U.S .
I washed up .
I said to my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a queen of beauty . ''
But then , two weeks later , he called me and said , `` You know , if you get to the United States , you can change the name and the gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested I would put her two and my name .
She also accompanied me when I had surgery when I had surgery in Thailand .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand to do the most assertive , sophisticated surgeries and safe .
In that time in the United States , it was necessary to get surgery before they changed the name and gender .
So , in 2001 , I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driver 's license with the name of <unk> and the `` F . ''
It was a great moment .
For some people , their identity document means being able to drive or be able to get a drink , but for me it was the license to live , to feel worthy .
Suddenly , my fears were seen .
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and being a model .
Many are not so lucky .
I think of this woman in <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman in New York City , who was going to live his truth , but that , <unk> , he got end to his life .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
Every 20 , November , we do a global vigil for the <unk> Day of <unk> .
I 'm on this stage because of a long history of people who <unk> and stood in front of the injustice .
These are Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia <unk> .
Today , at this same moment , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't keep living my truth and only for me .
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame , nor fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , so that someday there 's no longer anymore than 20 than November .
My deeper truth led me to accept what I am .
Will you ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you , thank you . Kathryn Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Of course , you 're going to thank with all my blessings .
I mean my support network , my parents especially , to my family , who itself is very strong .
I remember all the times I 've been to trans young women , who I met , and sometimes , when they called me and told me their parents could n't accept it . I took the phone , called my mom and said , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , others not . It 's just gender identity , that 's what 's in the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , we all assigned a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put on the table that sometimes that block does n't block , and that there should be a space that would allow people to be angry , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents , with colleagues .
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
It should be understanding .
There should be space for curiosity and ask questions , and I hope that all of you are my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very nice . <unk> : Thank you .
In many of the patriarchal and tribal societies , the parents are generally known for their kids , but I 'm one of the few parents who he 's known for her daughter and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> started his campaign by education defending his rights in 2007 , and when his efforts would be completed in 2011 , by <unk> the peacekeeping National Prize for peace , it became very famous , a very popular girl in his country .
Before that , it was my daughter , but now I 'm his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you take a look at the history of humanity , the story of women is the history of injustice , of inequality , of violence and exploitation .
You see , in patriarchal societies , right from the beginning , when at birth a child , your birth is not celebrated .
It 's not welcome , nor for his father , nor his mother .
The neighborhood comes , it gives her to the mother and no one <unk> the father .
And a mother is overwhelmed with a little girl .
When it gives birth to the first child , the first child , it gets sad .
When it gives birth to the second daughter , it was <unk> , and with the hope of a son , when he shines his third daughter , it feels guilty as a criminal .
Not only the mother suffers , but the daughter . The newly born daughter born , when he grows , she 's too .
At the age of five , when I should go to school , he stays at home and school admits his siblings .
Up to age 12 , somehow , has a good life .
You can have fun .
It can play with his friends on the street , and he can move through the streets like a butterfly .
But when it comes into adolescence , when it 's 13 years old , it 's given to you to go out of your house without a male driver .
It 's confined to four walls of their house .
It 's not a free person .
It becomes the honor of his father and her brothers and his family , and if you give me the code of that honor of the honor , it could even kill .
And it 's interesting that this assumption of honor , not only does it affect the life of a girl , also affects the life of male members of the family .
So this brother , <unk> the joys of his life and happiness of her sisters in the name of honor .
And there is a norm more than the patriarchal societies called obedience .
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet , very humble and very <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be silent and embracing your father 's decisions and his mother and decisions of the elderly , even if it does n't want .
If you marry a man who does n't like or if you marry an old man , you have to accept it , because he does n't want to be <unk> .
If you marry a very young marry , you have to accept it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens in the end ?
In words of a poet , `` The marry , the <unk> , and then gives birth to more sons and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , I was taking the same lesson from obedience to his daughter , and the same lesson of honor to her children .
And this vicious cycle continues , and it continues .
I read brothers and sisters , when they were born , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like newborn , to be honest , but when I was there and looked at her eyes , believe me , I was extremely honored .
And much before I was born , I thought of her name , and I was fascinated with a feisty , legendary freedom of freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> from <unk> , and he called my daughter like this .
But when I looked at me , they were all men , and I grabbed my pen , and I took a line from my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when she was four and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half .
You might ask , why should I mention the admission of a girl in a school ?
Yes , I should mention .
You can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in the poor countries , in the tribal societies , in tribal societies , it 's a great event for a child 's life .
<unk> at a school means his identity and his name .
One admission to school means that it has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where their potential can explore for your future life .
I have five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and they would be surprised , two weeks earlier , when they were <unk> the Canadian visa , and he was in the relative part to the family , I could n't remember the family of some of my sisters .
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document .
That was the reason I value my daughter .
What my father could not give my sisters and his daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the <unk> of my daughter .
And I was talking to you when my friends came to me .
He was encouraged to go with me to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to engage in his personality .
And this was n't just her for her , just for <unk> .
I 've happened all of these good values in my school to girls alike .
I used education for emancipation .
I taught my daughters , I taught the students , to forget the lesson of obedience .
I taught the students to forget the lesson called <unk> .
They were <unk> brothers and sisters , we fought for more rights for women , and we fought for more and more space for women in society .
But we found ourselves with a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights , and in particular , for women 's rights .
He was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of women 's participation in all of political and economic and social activities .
Hundreds of schools lost .
Girls banned them to school .
Women were forced to use it and stopped going to markets .
The musicians were silenced , the musicians were <unk> and the singers killed .
<unk> million , but few people talked , and it was scary to have around those people who kill and cry when you talk about their rights .
It 's really frightening .
At the age of 10 , he got up and raised by the right to education .
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog , and she was offered himself for the <unk> of the New York Times , and I talked about every platform that he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
They become like a <unk> around the world .
And that was the reason that the Taliban could not tolerate their campaign and October 9 , 2012 , was shot in his head .
It was a day for my family and me .
The world became a big black hole .
While my daughter was <unk> between life and death , I whispered into my wife 's ear , `` Should I blame me for what happened to my daughter , your daughter ? ''
And <unk> said to me , `` Please , you do n't get wet .
Let 's get the right cause .
<unk> your life on the cause of truth , because of the cause of peace , and because of the cause of education , and your daughter was inspired by you and joined you .
They were both on the right path and God will protect . ''
These few words were a lot for me , and I did n't ask again .
When <unk> was in the hospital , and he had severe headaches and severe headaches , because his facial nerve was cut , I used to see a dark shadow that was carved by the face of my wife .
But my daughter never complained .
I used to tell you , `` I 'm okay with my lightly smile , and with the <unk> in my face .
I 'm going right . Please do n't worry . ''
It was a solace for us , and we 're going to get us up .
<unk> brothers and sisters , we 've learned from her how to resist the hardest moments , and I 'm happy to share with you that despite being an icon for children 's rights and women , it 's like any 16 girl .
He 's crying when he does n't leave his homework .
They fight her brothers , and I 'm very happy for that .
People ask me , `` What 's especially about my mentoring that has made so bold for me , so bold , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I say , do n't ask me what I did .
You know what I did n't do .
I did n't cut your wings and that 's all .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was working on the brain 18 years ago , and since that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I 'm engineering .
And I want to tell you that I 've recently joined the <unk> group , from Google , where I 've had a <unk> in charge -- the <unk> of Google <unk> , but all the work I 'm going to talk about today about the science of the brain , I did before I join Google or outside of my work there .
Having said this , there 's a stigma when you get into a brain operation .
Are you still being equal or not ?
Is n't it going to be smart ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't gray matter , but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide what about taking , from over a dozen powerful chemicals every day , because if I did n't take anything , she would die in a few hours .
Every day , for the last 18 years , I 've had to decide on combinations and mix of chemicals , and try to get , to go with life .
More than once I 've been saved .
But luckily , I 've got a soul of <unk> , so I decided to do it to do to try and get the doses of <unk> , because there really does n't exist a clear map than it does .
I started testing different mixtures , and I was amazed by looking at how small changes in the dose changed my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my way of thinking , my behavior with others .
A particularly impressive case : for a few months , I gave a dose and typical chemistry for a man from 20 , and I was surprised to see how my thoughts changed .
I was always angry , I thought all the time in sex , and I thought it was the smartest person all over the world , and -- of course , many times in the past I 've met various kinds of kinds , or maybe some <unk> versions .
It turned out to be extreme .
But my great surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying to , sort of insecure , fixing a problem that had in front of it , and simply did n't happen .
So I could n't handle it .
I changed my dose .
But , I think that experience gave me a new appreciation for men and what they have to go through .
What I was trying to do with it , to adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on , was to reclaim my intelligence after the disease and the operation , my creative thinking , my <unk> .
I used to think almost always in images , and that became my key point of reference : how to get those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want ? Testing new ideas and <unk> situations .
This kind of thinking is not new .
<unk> like Hume , Descartes and Hobbes see things similarly .
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing .
Today , there are people asking this idea , and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works . For me , it 's simple : for most of us , the mental images are fundamental to <unk> and inventive thought .
So after several years , I 'm able to find the point right , and I have already lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots of great , very sophisticated ones .
Now , I 'm working on how to get fast these mental images , from my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what if a filmmaker director would be able to use their imagination only to lead the world to the front ?
Or if a musician could extract the music of his head ?
There are incredible possibilities with this , as the way that creative people can get to share the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty to do this is simply to increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to get to this with two recent experiments done by two groups leading into neuroscience .
They both used MRI technology , functional magnetic resonance MRI to represent the brain . Here you can see the brain scan done by <unk> <unk> and his Harvard colleagues .
The column on the left shows the scan of a person who looks at an image .
The spinal cord shows the scan of the brain of the same individual while I imagined , looking at that same image .
The column on the right is created by <unk> the contents of the central column on the left , and you see that the difference is close .
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar outcome .
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same picture is close .
Now , let me share with you another experiment . This is from Jack <unk> 's lab at Berkeley , California .
They made the waves of brain waves into unignorable visual fields .
Let 's put it in this way .
In this experiment , it showed up hundreds of hours of YouTube videos , while their brains were monitoring to create a large pool of reaction reaction to video sequences .
Then , I showed you a film with new images , new people , new animals , and as much as we get into a new scan .
The computer , using just brain data from scanning what seemed like the person was watching .
On the right you can see your computer requirements , and on the left , the video that you showed you .
This left us <unk> .
We 're very close to that .
We just need to improve the resolution .
And now , remember , when you see an image and when you imagine that same image , you create the same mapping .
This was done with the systems of larger resolution , available brain scanning today , and its resolution increased as a thousand times in the last few years .
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How did we do that ?
There are a lot of techniques to do that .
One is to open up the skull and introduce electrodes .
I do n't offer me for that .
Many of them are proposing new projection techniques by images , even me . Tell the recent results of MRI , first we have to ask the following , this technology will be the end of the way ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get higher resolution is with larger magnets , but at this point , the more magnets <unk> only offer small improvements in resolution , not increases by thousands , as we need .
I propose this idea : instead of bigger magnets , make better magnets .
We can create more complex structures with slightly different arrangements , like making a <unk> .
And why does this matter ?
In the last few years , a lot of effort in MRI were to make really large magnets , right ?
However , most of the recent advances in <unk> of ingenious and brilliant solutions in coding and <unk> , in the transmitter , and <unk> of FM in MRI systems .
Instead of , instead of a uniform magnetic field , use magnetic patterns in the FM frequencies to the FM radio frequencies .
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio processing , we can increase the information that you can get into a single scan .
Also , we can then divide into layers of our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need .
By using fMRI , we should be able to measure not just the <unk> blood fluid , but the hormones and <unk> that I mentioned , and maybe even the direct neural activity . This is sleep .
We 're going to be able to put our ideas into direct form to digital media .
Can you imagine if we could pass on top of language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would you be able to ?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter ?
You thought the Internet is big .
These are great questions .
It would be compelling to use it as a tool to amplify our thinking and communication skills .
Certainly , this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer 's and similar diseases .
We have a few options more than opening up this door .
So anyway , take a year , will happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine it will take much more .
We have to learn how to give this step together .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you tonight about getting out of the closet , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have cabinets .
Your closet may be telling someone for the first time that he loves her or tell someone who 's pregnant , or tell someone who has cancer , or any other difficult conversation that you have come through in life .
I 'm all a hard conversation , and even though our topics can vary tremendously , the experience of being given to you , and I 've been getting out of that closet .
It 's scary , and we do n't like it , and it must happen .
Many years ago , I worked on the South Side <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and I was there , I had to go through several phases of the intensity of <unk> <unk> : I do n't know my armpits , quote the letters of <unk> gave Franco as a litany .
And I 'll be aware of the <unk> of my little pants , and so I 'd get my head up recently , I 'd be asked by a small kid , `` Hey , are you a girl or a girl ? ''
And there was a awkward silence at the table .
I took my jaw a little bit more , I would take my coffee with a rage .
The father <unk> <unk> the newspaper and the mother launched a cold look at his son .
But I would n't say anything , and I 'm going to go through it .
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where I was a child between three and 10 years , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself that the next time would say something .
I would n't have that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , again .
`` Are you a kid or a girl ? ''
A family silence , but this time I was ready , and I was about to get into women 's issues at the table , and I had dates from Betty <unk> .
Gloria Steinem dates .
Even an excerpt from the `` Vagina Monologues '' that would show .
So I got breath down and I went down , and my back , a four-year-old girl with a pink dress , staring at what 's not a challenge for a feminist grieving , just a little girl with a question , `` Are you a kid or a girl ? ''
So I got breath back again , I took a lot of fun close to her , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is a little bit confusing .
I have the short hair like a boy , and I saw boy clothes , but I 'm a girl , and you know , as you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a pink pajamas .
Well , I 'm more than a girl in a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that little girl looked at me , paying attention , and he said , `` My favorite pajamas is purple and he 's got a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was it . Just `` Ah , you 're a girl .
What about the <unk> I asked ? ''
It was the easiest thing to ever ever have .
And why ? Because the girl 's girl and I , both of us , was honest with one another .
So , as many of us , I 've lived in a few dozen moments in my life , and I know , often , my walls used to be a rainbows .
But within the dark , you ca n't know what color they are .
You just know how it feels like living in a closet .
It 's like my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours .
Surely , I 'll give you a hundred reasons why I 'm going to get out of your closet , it was harder to come out of his own , but this is the thing : The hard thing is not relative .
The hard thing is hard .
Who can tell me to tell you to explain to someone who have declared crowdsourcing is more difficult to say it 's been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story is more difficult to tell your five years of five than you 're going to get divorced ?
There 's no more difficult thing , there 's only the hard thing .
We need to stop applying what 's difficult to do about what 's difficult to do about what 's difficult for someone else to make us feel better or worse in relation to our closet , and we need to just feel empathy because we all live hard .
At some point in our lives , we all live in cabinets , and you can make them feel safe , or at least security than the other side of the door .
But I 'm here to tell you , that no matter what your walls are made , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago .
I , who had a horse line , a <unk> dress and shoes .
I was n't the militant lesbian prepared to fight for any child <unk> .
I was frozen in the fear of fear , <unk> in a corner of my dark closet <unk> my gay grenade , and he 'll move only a muscle is the most terrifying he ever ever done .
My family , my friends , full strangers who I spent my entire life trying to do not disappoint , and now the world turned around .
I was burning the pages of a script that we 've all been followed by so long , but if you do n't launch that grenade , they will kill you .
One of my launches of most memorable grenade was on my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time a lot of the guests in the guests knew that I was gay , and when I was doing my lady 's job as a black dress and a heel . I walked around the tables and finally came to one where my parents were friends , people who knew me for years .
And after talking a moment , one of the women shouted , `` I love Nathan Lane . ''
And the battle of the gay story had started .
`` <unk> , have you ever been in the Castro ? ''
`` Well , yes , the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've heard it 's fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , do you know my <unk> Antony ?
It 's very good , and he 's never talked about having a girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what 's your favorite TV show ?
Our favorite program ? Will and Grace and Grace . Will .
And you know who we love ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , puzzling , but in waiting I desperately show her support , to get me to know that I was on my side , finally he said to go , `` Well , sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time , like all the Scud launchers .
Surely , it could have been easy to indicate where they felt like .
It 's not very difficult to find them and to realize the fact that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask for someone , but do you work ?
If you 're going to be authentic with someone , you have to be prepared for the authentic thing you get .
That 's how the hard conversations remain without the strong point .
Ask anyone who I 've come up with .
But I 'm getting better , and I keep what I like to call the three principles of the Girl of <unk> .
Now , please see this through the gay perspective , but you understand that what it involves coming out of any closet is essentially the same .
Number one : Be authentic .
<unk> armor . Be you .
That girl in the coffee had no armor , but I was ready to battle .
If you want somebody to be genuine , others must know we also suffer .
Number two : Be direct . Just hold up your patches .
If you know they 're gay , you 're going to be gay .
If you say to your parents that maybe you might be gay , they 'll maintain the hope that that could change .
Do n't give them a sense of false hope .
And number three , and more importantly , let me complex .
You communicate your truth .
They would never be influenced by that .
And some of you can get wounded injured , which they 've done , but never excuse what they are .
And yes , maybe some you feel disappointed , but that 's something in them , not you .
Those are the expectations of them about what you are , but not your own own .
That 's the story of them , but not you .
The only story matters is that you want to write .
So the next time you meet in a dark closet , you would get a grenade , you must know that we 've all been there before .
And you may feel very alone , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the evening .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen , a productive example has been the famous quote from <unk> <unk> that `` The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this as a critique of a critique of the computer pioneers like Alan Turing .
And so a few years ago , I took a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence .
Let 's take a step back .
We first start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that you 're from a alien race , that you do n't know anything about the Earth 's Earth and the neuroscience of Earth , but they have incredible telescopes , and they can look at Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can see the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , as Earthlings , we know that the reason would be that we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're from a alien race that does n't know anything about this , that does n't have any concept on Earth intelligence , you would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how , to some point in time , the asteroids that we would take on the surface of a planet ranging from doing it .
And that 's why I claim that this is the same question that we can understand the physical nature of the intelligence .
So in this program that led to done several years ago , I looked at a variety of topics through science , through various disciplines , by saying , I think , to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be accurately adjusted to the development of intelligence , and in particular , for the development of universal states that we will promote the diversity of the future .
Finally , in the planning of robotic movement , there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks .
And so , by taking all these different topics and put them together , I asked , for a number of years : Is there an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is . What you 're seeing is probably the closest equivalent of an E = <unk> for the intelligence that I 've seen .
So what you 're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force , F , which acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action .
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action , or maintaining open options , with a diversity T , with the diversity of possible future accessible , yes , to an impending time , tau .
In a nutshell , intelligence does n't like to stay caught .
The intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and keep the options open .
And so , you know , this equation is natural to ask : What can you do with this ?
How predictive is it ?
Do you think of the human intelligence level ?
Do artificial intelligence do ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , I 'm going to show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research in cosmology have been suggested that universes that produce more mess , or `` entropy , '' in their life , they should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us .
But what if that cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence is going to be a deeper relationship ?
What if smart behavior is not only correlated with the production of entropy in the long term , but it actually arises directly from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of entropy in any system where it 's inside .
Amazingly , <unk> could spend multiple animal intelligence tests , play games of human intelligence , and even make money trading in actions , all of them without the right to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
So , just like a human foot without fall , here we can see <unk> balancing balancing a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave them a goal .
He just decided to figure out how to balance the pole .
This ability of equilibrium will have applications for humanoid robotics and human technologies .
This tools of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing applications and agriculture .
Also , just like some other animals can cooperate pulling aside from a rope at the same time to release the food , here we see that <unk> can do a model of that task .
This ability of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable in a variety of domains .
For example , here we see successfully playing a game game against itself , making your potential for the game .
Here we see <unk> orchestrate new connections in a social network , where the friends are constantly hanging out and keep the Web success .
This same <unk> capacity also has applications in health care , energy and intelligence .
Here we can organize organize the routes of a fleet of ships , discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to scale up globally its scope from the Atlantic to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable to problems in defense , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see <unk> to discover and run a strategy of <unk> , <unk> in a simulated series of action negotiation , successfully increasing assets under their exponentially .
This risk management skill will have vast applications in finance and safe .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as tools , upright walking and social cooperation , all of them flow from one equation , which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a profound irony .
Let 's go back to the beginning of the term robot , the work `` <unk> , '' there was always the concept that if you were smart machines , there would be a cyber rebellion .
The machines become against us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades , we 've had all the concept of cyber rebellion in reverse .
It 's not that the machines first become smart , and then they try to take the world around .
It 's the contrary , that the momentum to take control of all future potential is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence , that general intelligence can actually arise directly from taking control , instead of being backwards .
Another important implication is the pursuit of the target .
I 'm often asked , `` How do you look for goals that look like this kind of framework ? ''
My equivalent of that statement is to go to the descendants of the descendants to help the descendants of artificial intelligences or helping them understand human intelligence , is the following : intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions on their own future .
Thank you very much .
We are at a tipping point in human history , something between the conquest of the stars and lose the planet we call home .
Although , in the last few years , we 've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how it fits the Earth in the context of the universe .
The Kepler Kepler 's Kepler has discovered thousands of potential planets orbiting other stars , which points that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope that measures faint light intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them , and blocking a little bit of that light that we get to .
The data gathered by Kepler shows the sizes of planets besides the distance that there are between them and their mother star .
So together , this helps us to understand whether these planets are small and rocky , like the Earth 's planets in our solar system , and also the amount of light that they receive from their suns .
Instead , this gives clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , while we 're finding this treasure trove of potentially habitable worlds , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
Last year , 2014 was the hottest record .
<unk> and sea ice that have been with us for millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades .
These environmental changes that we have caused by a global scale has surpassed our ability to disrupt their course .
But I 'm not a scientist in the weather , no astronomer .
I study the <unk> of the planet influenced by the stars , with hope to find places in the universe where we discover life beyond our planet .
You could say that I 'm looking for alien opportunities in the property sector .
Now , as someone very interested in finding life in the universe , I can tell you that the more planets I can look for planets like the Earth , more enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better : our solar system .
Let 's take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and even though it 's a little bit further from the Sun , it can be considered a potentially livable world shown this by a mission like Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and in part , it 's because we study so much to Mars .
Our <unk> as the `` Curiosity '' tracks their surface for clues about the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites that orbit , like the <unk> mission , take samples from the Martian atmosphere , and try to understand how Mars has lost his Goldilocks .
private companies now offer not just short space flights , but also the possibility of living on Mars .
But even though all these images are going to remind us to the deserts of our planet , places that are linked in our imagination with <unk> and <unk> ideas , compared to the Earth , Mars is a rather terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the areas of our planet that still have to colonize , places really compared to Mars .
Even in the wealthiest and highest places on Earth , the air is cool and filled with oxygen , by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away .
I 'm worried that this excitement for the colonization of Mars and other planets to drag it with a great and sad shadow , which is the implication and the belief that the Mars waiting for us to save us out of this single planet <unk> on the single planet that we know that it 's truly habitable , the Earth .
For a lot that I like to do with exploration exploration , I 'm in deep disagreement with this idea .
There are many good reasons to go to Mars , but to say that Mars will be there to safeguard humanity , it 's like to imagine that the captain of the Titanic will comment on that the guy of the Titanic will have place later in life boats . Thank you .
But the goals for <unk> exploration and <unk> land is not <unk> .
No , they 're actually faces of the same coin : the goal of understanding , to preserve and improve life in the future .
The extreme environments in our world look like alien aliens .
Only they find themselves closer .
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces , in the hostile and onboard areas of the land , maybe we can meet the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I leave you with a mental experiment , the paradox of Fermi .
Many years ago , Enrico Fermi said , `` I realized that our universe has been around for a long time , and we hope that many planets existed in this universe , we should have found evidence of extraterrestrial life until now .
Well , where are you ?
Well , one possible solution to Fermi 's paradox is that when civilizations become advanced advanced advanced to consider living between stars , they lose the notion of the important thing that is to protect the origin of the planets that are going to develop this development .
It 's arrogant to think that only <unk> colonization will save us from ourselves , but our planetary preservation and exploration can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to bend the hostile environments from Mars to the human presence , then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the Goldilocks task .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I 'll get my own home .
And while I was on the front porch looking in my pockets , I realized he did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see through the window that they were at the dining table , where I had left them .
So quickly , I tried to open all the other gates and windows , and they were all fine .
I thought I 'd call a <unk> , at least had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> could take a long time to get , and it was cold .
I could n't go home from my friend 's friend 's friend 's friend , because he had an early flight to Europe to the next morning , and I would get out of my passport and my suitcase .
It 's expensive , but it 's sure that it 's not more expensive than a <unk> at night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , I was running right .
I 'm a neuroscientist , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It gives rise to heart rate , <unk> the levels of adrenaline and <unk> .
And when I got to the turnover counter at the airport , I realized I had no passport .
Well , I had a long time to think about those eight hours without sleep .
And I started to wonder , if there was something I could do , systems that could put in its place , which will prevent bad things .
Or at least , if it happens bad things happen , that we will make a total catastrophe .
So I started thinking about that , but until a month later , my thoughts would not happen .
I was having my colleague Danny <unk> , <unk> <unk> , Nobel Prize , and a little embarrassed I talked about that I broke the window , and I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me that I 'd been practicing something called retrospective <unk> .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written this a few years before , known as the <unk> .
Everybody knows what the <unk> is .
Every time there 's a disaster , a team of experts come , and it tries to figure out what went wrong , right ?
In the <unk> , as Danny explains , you look forward and tries to figure out all the things that could go wrong , next , tries to figure out what can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk to you is from some things that we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are evident , others are not so evident .
I 'm going to start with the obvious ones .
In the house , we 'll get a place for the things that are easily lost .
This sounds like common sense , and it is , but there 's a lot of science supporting this thesis , based on how our space memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to make a track track of the important things , where the fish are , where the fish are , where the fish are , the <unk> trees , where tribes are friends and enemies .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that was <unk> in London drivers .
It 's the part of the brain that allows squirrels to find their nuts .
And if you ask yourself if someone really did the experiment , they sliced the sense of the squirrels and still could find their nuts .
They did n't use smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move much , not so good for things that move very much .
This is the reason for losing your car keys , reading glasses and passports .
So , at home , you get a place for keys , a hook up with the door , maybe a decorative plate .
To his passport , a particular drawer .
It 's a particular coffee table .
If you take a place , and you 're looking at it , you 're always going to be there when you look for them .
What about trips ?
Take the cellphone a picture of your credit cards , license driving , passport , <unk> by email to themselves so that they 're in the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal them , this can be easier for substitution .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , your brain releases cortisol .
cortisol is toxic and <unk> the thought .
So part of <unk> practice is to recognize that under stress we 're not going to be at the best time , and you have to put the systems on its site .
And there are perhaps not more stressful than when you face a medical decision .
And at some point , we 're all going to be in that situation , to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one , to help them with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And I 'm going to talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this will be known as a whole <unk> for all of medical decisions , and in fact for making financial decisions and social decisions , any kind of choice you need to take from that you would benefit from a rational assessment of facts .
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've gotten the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease , heart attack , stroke .
So you 're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug that will help reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've heard about this <unk> , and you know it 's one of the most <unk> drugs in the world today , and you 're even likely to know people who take them .
And so you think , `` Yes , let 's take the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you have to do then , a statistic that you have to ask for the most doctors do n't want to talk about , and the pharmaceutical companies even less .
It 's for the <unk> , the number you need to treat .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or to have surgery in any medical procedure before you can help a person .
And should you think about what kind of statistic <unk> is that ?
The number must be one .
My doctor would n't tell me something if I was not going to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work that way .
And it 's not blame for the doctor , and if it 's somebody 's fault , it 's from scientists like me .
We have n't really understood the underlying mechanisms .
But the <unk> estimates that 90 percent of drugs works only about 30 percent of the people .
So the number you need to treat the most widely prescribed <unk> , what do you think is ?
How many people have to take it before they help a person ?
300 .
This according to the research of the researchers who have <unk> Jerome <unk> and Pamela <unk> , <unk> <unk> .
I would explore numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before avoiding a single heart attack , stroke , or another adverse event .
Now you might think , `` Well , one probability in 300 to lower my cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? Tell us the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a more statistic , and it 's , `` <unk> out of side effects . Yes ?
For this particular drug , side effects occur in five percent of the patients .
And those include terrible things : debilitating , muscle , and articulate , pain pain , but now you think , `` Five percent is not very likely to happen to me , still taking the medicine . ''
But a moment .
And remember , low stress does n't think clearly .
So , think about how you 're doing this over time , so you do n't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , right ? A person has helped him , five percent of the 300 have side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to get harmed by the drug that can help you the drug .
I do n't say they should or not take the <unk> .
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor .
The medical ethic it requires , it 's part of the informed consent principle .
We have a right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not .
Maybe you 're thinking that I 've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash , but actually this number need to treat it is quite typical .
To the surgery that is more than being done in the biggest men of 50 , <unk> of prostate cancer , the number needed to treat it is for 49 .
This is , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped .
And the side effects in that case , it 's produced in 50 percent of the patients .
Those include helplessness or erectile dysfunction , urinary incontinence , yielded probes , fecal incontinence .
And if you 're lucky , and it 's one of that 50 percent of the effects only for a year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think before the questions that you might have to make up the conversation forward .
You do n't have to make all of this in the act .
And they also want to think about the quality of life .
Because you have an option many times , do you want a longer life of pain , or a longer life that could have a lot of pain towards the end ?
These are the things that talk and think about now , with their family and their loved ones .
You can change your opinion in the heat of the moment , but at least you 're trained in this kind of thinking .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol , and one of the things that happens at that time is that a lot of systems go off .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
Face with a predator , you do n't need the digestive system or the libido , or the immune system , because if your body is spending metabolism on those things , not react very quickly . They might be the lunch of lions , so none of it matters .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the strange sense thought , like Danny <unk> and his colleagues have shown .
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to this kind of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all failing .
We 're all going to fail occasionally .
The idea is to think about the future , how could those failures be like , to put systems in the place that will help minimize the harm , or to prevent the bad things to happen in the first place .
You go back to the snow night in Montreal , when I came back from my journey , my contractor installed a lock of combination along the door , with a key to the front door in the same , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I have n't ordered , and lots of emails that I have n't read .
So I 'm not very organized , but I see the organization like a gradual process , and I 'm getting it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , `` <unk> '' is my favorite musical symbol .
It means touch .
If you 're playing a musical instrument , and you see a `` <unk> '' in the score , you need to touch more gently .
Two <unk> .
Four <unk> ' , extremely smooth .
This is my drawing of a tree of <unk> , and you see it does n't matter how many thousand and thousands of <unk> may have , you 'll never get to a complete silence .
That 's my current definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs , the <unk> , in addition to a little bit of my own story .
French sign language came over the 1970s , and over time , he mixed with local signs , and the language is developed , and the language we know today as <unk> .
So it has a story about 200 years old .
I was born deaf , and I was taught to believe that sound was n't a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
But now I realize it 's not true for anything .
The sounds are a very important part of my life , you 're really in my mind every day .
As a person who lives in a sound of sounds , it 's like I lived in a foreign country , following blindly their rules , customs , behaviors and norms .
So how do I understand sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my speakers and amplify the sound .
And I learn and learn that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example .
`` Do n't get the door ! ''
`` Do n't do a lot of noise by eating the potato chips ! ''
`` No <unk> , and when you 're eating , make sure would not scratch the minute covered in the dish . ''
I call this `` sound label . ''
Maybe I think on the sound label more than the average person does .
I 'm super <unk> .
And I 'm always waiting with the sound of the sound to come next .
Hence , this drawing .
<unk> , to decide .
<unk> , for continuing .
<unk> , to announce .
You can see the <unk> has no notes on the lines .
That 's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle and spots .
In the culture , the movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the signal for <unk> in <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , for me , doing the way my thumb does n't feel natural .
That 's why in my drawings , I just have four lines on paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for an artistic residence there .
Before this time , I 'd been working like <unk> .
During this summer , I visited museums and different galleries , and as I went from one place to another , I realized that there was no visual art there .
At that time , the sound was the trend and that struck me .
There was no visual art , everything was hearing .
Now the sound has entered my art territory .
Is it going to become more from art ?
I realized that it does n't have to be that way .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that it 's not only experiencing through your ears .
I can feel it somehow , or experience it visually , or even an idea .
So I decided to reclaim sound ownership and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And everything they had taught me in terms of sound , I decided to leave it and let me go .
I started to create a new job body .
And when I presented it to the art community , I was struck by the amount of support and attention I received .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
In the background of my mind , I always felt that sound was alien , it was something of a listener .
And sound is so powerful that well it might be able to make me and my artwork , or I could empower me .
I chose that I 'm going to get away .
There 's a massive culture around the language of speech .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , to the eyes of society is as if I had no voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me equally and become my voice .
That way I 'm able to be relevant in today 's society .
So in school , at work and institutions , work with many different performers .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , by asking for your voices , I 'm able to keep up a temporary form of value , like taking a loan with a very high interest rate .
If I wo n't continue with this practice , I feel that I might be able to do it at oblivion and have no social value .
So with the sound like my new artistic medium , <unk> in the music world .
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note can not be capture and express on paper .
And the same thing can say in <unk> .
The two are very space and highly <unk> , which means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much as the sounds of the sound .
I 'd like to share with you a metaphor for the piano , so that you understand better how the <unk> works .
So , imagine a piano .
<unk> divide in many different <unk> parameters .
If you assigned a different parameter for each finger , as the facial expression , the movement of the body , the speed , the speed , the way , and so , while you play the piano , the English is a linear language , as if you 're going to get a key at the time .
However , <unk> is more like a chord , you need the 10 fingers simultaneously to express a very clear concept or an idea .
If only one key would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
The same thing happens with music in terms of pitch , timbre and volume .
In <unk> , by using these different <unk> parameters , you can express different ideas .
For example , the signal `` <unk> in that . ''
This is the signal `` <unk> in that . ''
I 'm seeing you .
<unk> .
Oh , I 'm going to tell you .
Ooh .
What are you looking at ?
Ah , enough !
So I started thinking , and if I look at the <unk> through the music lens ?
If I had to create a sign , and you 'll plug it over and over again , it could be like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the sign of the day , the sun comes out and puts out .
This is `` all day . ''
If you get it , and you get it at the speed , you visually see it as a piece of music .
All day .
I feel like the same thing as `` all night . ''
`` All night . ''
This is all night in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different types of nights : `` Last night , '' `` all night . ''
I feel that the third one has more <unk> than the other two .
This represents how time is expressed in <unk> and how the distance your body can express changes over time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present is more close and in front of your body , the future is in front of the body , and the past is on the back .
So , the first example is a long time ago .
Then , `` Last '' and the last one , which is my favorite , with a very dramatic and dramatic idea at once , `` Once there was once . ''
Time is a musical term with a specific rate of four times a compass .
However , when I look at the word `` common time '' I think automatically in `` at the same time . ''
Watch <unk> : hand , E : hand , left .
We have the <unk> through your head and the chest .
[ Face : <unk> , flashlight , flashlight ] [ Time ] : E : E , flashlight a flashlight , I 'm going to show you a way of hand called a flashlight .
Can you do it with me ?
Everybody with hands .
Now we 're going to do it both in the head like the chest , something like `` common time '' or `` at the same time . ''
Yeah , very well .
That means `` <unk> in love in the international system .
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs in the world .
The second one I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again .
And now this .
It means `` colonization '' in <unk> .
Now , the third . Please follow me again .
And again .
It 's `` lighting '' in <unk> .
We 're going to do the three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization '' and `` lighting . ''
Good job all .
Look at how three signs are very similar . They all happen in your head and your chest , but they 're transmitted very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how the <unk> is alive and thriving , just like music .
However , today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because <unk> does n't have sound , it does n't have social value .
We have to start questioning what the social value defines and allow the <unk> to grow its own value , without sounds .
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people understand that you do n't have to be deaf to learn how to learn to learn music .
<unk> is a rich treasure trove , and I 'd like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like to invite you to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience of our visual language .
And you never know , you can even love in love with us .
Thank you .
<unk> <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents were telling me , `` You can get everything , but then you have to clean it . ''
Freedom involves responsibility .
But my imagination led to all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence , or a bubble of ignorance must say , because adults would lie to us of the horrible truth .
When I get older , I learned that the adults also argue , and they 're not very good at cleaning each other .
The time happened , now I 'm an adult and I teach citizenship and invention at <unk> school .
You do n't have to wait much for my students to walk through the beach , with piles of garbage .
So as good citizens , they cleaned up the beaches , and not , he 's not drinking alcohol , and if it 's , I did n't give it .
It 's sad to say , but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's kind of creepy .
And in the last few decades , we 've been coming out with these big ships and networks , to collect those bits of plastic to study them under the microscope , and we classify them and <unk> this information on a map .
But it lasts for an eternity and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very risky to use these huge boats .
So along with my students , age six to 15 years , we dream to invent a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started building this table working with height , so that the <unk> children can also participate in .
And I 'll tell you , children who manipulate electrical tools are really cool and safe .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to the plastic .
We collect plastic and we reduce it to the size we find it in the ocean , which is very small , because of its fragmentation .
That 's what we do .
I 'll leave you to the imagination of my students .
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to deal with something that we hope to work .
We decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic , just information <unk> .
By using a robot , we took a picture of this plastic -- the kids get very excited with robots .
Then we created very quickly what we call a prototype .
We 're so fast in the creation of prototypes that we ended up before lunch .
And we 're going to transform lamps and web cameras on accessories and we assemble it in a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there , and this is the picture captured by the robot .
We see the bits of plastic floating through the sensor , while the computer on board will process this picture and measure the size of each particle , to get an estimate of the amount of plastic in the water .
Let 's take this invention step on a website for inventors called `` <unk> , '' with the hope that someone will improve it even more .
The cool thing about this project is that students saw a local problem , and boom , they 're trying to fix it immediately .
I can investigate my local problem , but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children .
You see the news , you get the Internet , and you 're going to get stuck with this picture .
A child , maybe less than 10 years , cleaning up an oil spill , just using the hands , <unk> , the largest forest forest in the world in Bangladesh .
They were very surprised because this is the water you drink , it 's the water that you bathe , the water where they are caught , the place where they live .
You can also see that the water is brown , the mud and the oil also is color brown , and when everything comes together , it 's very difficult to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
So we built a first prototype of an idiot that can burn through all kinds of substances that produce different spectra , which can help to identify what 's in the water .
We had this prototype with a sensor , and we sent it to Bangladesh .
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or analyzing a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help some remote way to other children .
I can investigate a problem at a distance , and I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little bit further , maybe to address a harder problem , and also closer to me .
I 'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember , in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that triggered various giant waves , calling tsunamis , and those tsunamis destroyed several cities on the East coast of Japan .
More than 14,000 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear power plant of Fukushima , a nuclear station close to water .
And today , according to the reports , an average of 300 tons , are still filtering from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the entire Pacific Ocean has traces from <unk> pollution .
If we go to the west coast , we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it looks like most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast , and most of the time it looks safe , it 's blue .
Well , the reality is a little bit more complicated than that .
I 've come back to Fukushima every year from the crash and researching independently with other scientists , the land , the river , and this time we wanted to take kids .
Of course we did n't , the parents did n't afford it .
But every night we reported to the control center -- here you see the use of different masks .
It might seem like they did n't take the work seriously , but they did it because they 're going to have to live with their own life .
Along with them we discussed the data that day and talk about what we were going to do after , the strategies , the <unk> and so on .
And to do this , we created an <unk> map of the region around the nuclear power plant .
We created the elevation map , we introduced pigments to represent data in real time of radioactivity , and harvest water to simulate the rain .
With this , we were able to notice that radioactive powder is filtering from the top of the mountain into the <unk> and <unk> system in the ocean .
It was a <unk> estimate .
But based on this we organized a civil expedition , the closest to nuclear power to date .
We get close to a mile of the nuclear power , and with the fishermen of the area , we were collecting sediments from the sea floor with a tracker to sediment as we invented and built .
Here 's a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open-source technologies and very simple source technologies .
But at the same time , it has been increasingly frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the damage that we 've done .
We have n't even started trying to solve problems .
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways of doing all these things .
So the classroom became a little bit small therefore , we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong , and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact .
It 's in the center of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little bit of biology , of optics , basically , can be built almost everything in there .
It 's also a place where adults and children can play together .
It 's a place where the dreams of children can become reality with adult help , and where adults can be children again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked things like , can we invent the future of renewable energy ?
For example .
Or can we help in the mobility of advanced age transforming their standard wheels chairs in new electrical vehicles ?
Plastic , oil and <unk> are terrible <unk> , but the worst legacy we can leave our children is lies .
We ca n't afford to protect the children of the horrible , because we need their imagination to invent solutions .
So , scientists , creators , <unk> , we have to prepare the next generation to be concerned about the environment and people , and so that I can actually do something about it .
Thank you .
Two twin domes , two cultures of radically opposing design .
One is made out of thousands of steel pieces , the other of a single silk thread .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
One is over the environment , the other thing creates it .
One is designed by nature , the other one .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the GDP on gross , he saw a figure that struggle to be free .
<unk> was only a tool of Michelangelo .
But living things are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , cells , we take all the information that 's needed for every cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least since the Industrial Revolution , the world of design has been dominated by rigors of manufacturing and mass production .
The assembly lines have dictated a world made out of parts , which is <unk> the imagination of designers and architects to think of their objects like <unk> from discrete parts with different functions .
But you do n't find them from smooth material in nature .
Think of the human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin with <unk> pores .
<unk> skins are thicker with small pores .
You act mainly as a filter , the other primarily like barrier , and yet it 's the same skin : there 's no parts , there 's no <unk> .
It 's a system that starts its functionality through the elasticity of elasticity .
Here 's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world , as twice as every designer and architect at work at the moment between the <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between the assembly and the growth , between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right hemisphere and the synthesis , is shown in the two screens behind me .
My work , in its simplest level , is about bringing these two visions of the world , moving from the assembly and approaching growth .
You 're probably wondering : Why now ?
Why was n't it possible about this 10 or even five years ago ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a rare moment , where they have four disciplines that offers access to access to the tools we never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I created .
Please know the minds and the hands of my students .
We designed objects , products , structures and tools across scales , of large scale , like this robotic arm with an extent of 24 meters in diameter with a base of 24 meters in the ground that some day not far too far from print entire buildings , and graphs at the nanoscale made the nanoscale made of genetically modified mushrooms that shine in the dark .
So here we 've got the jealous , an archetype of ancient Arab architecture , and it has created a screen where every single estate is unique to shape the shape of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was for a fashion parade of Paris with <unk> van <unk> , and it 's like a second skin made of one piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
Together with a 3D printing collaborator , we printed this layer and 3D skirt without the seams between cells . I 'll show more objects like that .
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a <unk> scanner .
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and the synthetic instruments , it allows you to design products that are going not only the shape of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a chair at the structural , comfortable chair , and also it absorbs sound .
The Carter teacher , my collaborator , went back to nature to inspire , and when you design this irregular surface pattern , it becomes <unk> .
We put this surface of 44 different properties , which vary in stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> the pressure points in the human body .
Its surface , as in nature , changes its functionality not by addition to another material or another assembly , but continuously continuously and delicately that material ownership .
But is it the ideal nature ?
Is n't there parts in nature ?
I did n't grew up in a religious Jewish home , but when I was young , my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible , and one of them was left , and it came to me to define a lot of what I care about .
As she says , `` In the third day of the Creation , God causes the Earth to grow up a charged tree . ''
For that first <unk> tree , there would be no difference between trunk , branches , leaves and creature .
The whole tree was a fruit .
Instead , the land made the trees grow up with branches , cortex , stems and flowers .
The land created a world in fact .
I often ask myself , `` What would the design be if objects were made from one piece ?
Would you encourage a better state of creation ? ''
So we 're looking for the biblical material , the kind of material material in the tree , and we found it .
The second most abundant <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons occur every year by shrimp , crabs , scorpions and butterflies .
We think that if we could tune into your properties , we could create <unk> structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it <unk> . We were asking a lot of <unk> of shrimp , the <unk> and produced <unk> <unk> .
We have chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a wide range of properties , hard and opaque , to the light , soft and transparent .
To print the large-scale structures , it 's built a system with multiple pools of <unk> <unk> .
The robot could actually vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material by a single , three recyclable material .
When the pieces are ready , it leaves it dry to find a natural shape in contact with the air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process was used to contain microorganisms that first appeared on the planet , 3.5 billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Along with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , <unk> the bacteria designed to be quickly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition without problem-solving problems , and if it grows even more , to windows .
A loaded tree tree .
Working with an old material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water and with a little synthetic biology , we 've transformed a structure that 's made of shrimp hulls in an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : <unk> objects , put in the sea , reforming the marine life , and put them on the ground , help to grow a tree .
<unk> for our next exploration using the same principles of design was the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothing to keep life for <unk> trips .
To do that , we must master bacteria and control their flow .
So , like the periodic table , we did our own table of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , made in the additive and <unk> form .
I like to think of synthetic biology as the liquid alchemy , only instead of <unk> metals , new biological functionalities within very small channels .
This field is called microfluidics .
Let 's put our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquids bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothes , we combined two microorganisms .
The first is <unk> .
She lives in our oceans and in the freshwater ponds .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria that lives in the human intestine .
One turns the light in sugar , the other consumes sugar and it produces useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms are not interacting in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They 're here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship to a piece of clothing .
Think of it as evolution , not by natural selection , but evolution by design .
In order to contain these relationships , we 've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract , which will help flow these bacteria and to build it up function .
So we started to grow those channels in the human body , and we can make the material properties of the material that we wanted .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , it would be more transparent channels .
This simple digestive system , when you stretch out one end to another , 60 meters .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our <unk> intestine .
And here it is , as we 're going at TED , our first wearable photosynthetic , brilliant estate channels with life within clothing .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We are creatures of fashion , only half is made . ''
What if design would provide the other half ?
What if we could create structures that increases living stuff ?
What if we could create personal <unk> that we can monitor our skin , and we can provide the damaged tissue and full of our bodies ?
Think of this as a way of editing biology .
I call this the material ecology .
For that , you always have to come back to nature .
So now , you know , a 3D printer prints material into layers .
You also know that nature does n't do that .
It grows . It grows with sophistication .
This cocoon of worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home within which they 're going to be produced .
<unk> manufacturing is about this level of sophistication .
It does it by the combination of not two materials , but two proteins in different concentrations .
One acts as a structure , the other one is the glue or the matrix , assembling those fibers each other .
And this is happening through scales .
The silk worm first turns into the environment , creates a <unk> structure , and then it starts to bring up a cocoon of compression .
<unk> and compression , the two forces of life , is manifest in a single material .
In order to understand better how this complex process works , we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , to the line .
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the cocoon of silk worm .
However , putting into the silk worm in a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that it 's a cocoon , and still get <unk> .
So we started designing different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've discovered that the shape , the composition , the structure of the cocoon , was transmitted directly by the environment .
You often get the silk worms to death within their cocoons , their silk disappears and it 's used in the textile industry .
We saw that we saw these templates , we can shape <unk> silk without boiling one cocoon .
<unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we climb this process to the architectural scale .
We had a <unk> robot making silk templates , and we put ourselves in our site .
We knew that the silk worms are going to go into more dark and cool areas , so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure .
So we created holes or <unk> , to block the rays of light and heat , distributes silk worms on the structure .
We were prepared to get the caterpillars .
We 're making <unk> of silk to a online silk farm .
And after we feed them four weeks , they were prepared to get up with us .
We put them very carefully at the bottom of the scaffolding , and as <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , lay eggs , and life begins again , like us , but much , much shorter .
Bucky Fuller said that tension is the great integrity , and he was right .
When you discover biological silk on the <unk> silk , it 's given the whole integrity of his integrity .
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks , six , 4,000 silk worms add miles .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
moths , after <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
A <unk> silk through a robotic arm , the other full empty .
If the last frontier of design is to give products to products and buildings around us , to form an ecology of two materials , designers must bring together these two visions of the world .
Which brings us back , of course , at first .
Here 's a new age of design , a new age of creation , which takes us from a design inspired in nature to a nature inspired by design , which demands it , for the first time , that we 're taking care of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Hands up if you 've ever asked you , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
If you had to remember what age they asked them for the first time this ?
They can <unk> your fingers .
Three . Five . Five . Five . Five .
Now , raise your hand if the question `` What do you want to be older ? ''
It has caused them some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
The problem was not that I had no interest , but I had too many .
In school , I liked the English and the kill and the art and riding websites , and in addition , playing the guitar in a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
Maybe you 've heard about us .
And generally I like to try and persist anyway , for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But with time this sense of boredom , this feeling of , this is no longer a challenge , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I 'm going to go through something else , something completely different , and I 'm going to get myself into it , and I 'm like , `` Yes ! I 've found my stuff , '' and then again , this point where I start to <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first one was because I was n't sure how I was going to turn this whole thing into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , not denying all my other passions , and I would encourage them to <unk> .
Another reason I caused so much anxiety was a little bit more personal .
I was worried that there was something wrong with this , and something bad about me is not going to do anything wrong .
I was worried about a fear of commitment , or being dispersed , or to <unk> or to my own success .
If you can relate to my story and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something that I 'd like to have asked me then .
Ask yourself , where they learned to allocate meaning of evil or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where they learned : what they learned about culture .
`` What do you want to be older ? ''
When we have about five years .
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you 're going to do at that age .
A naive question is considered to cause nice answers to kids like , `` being an astronaut , '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
So , you know , the Halloween suit here .
So this question is done over and over in different ways as you grow in a different way , <unk> it , to high school students , you ask them to be a choice at college .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
It 's going to be the cute exercise of before you take off sleep .
Why ?
If this is inspired by children to dream to what they might be , does n't inspire to dream with everything they might be .
In fact , it 's just the opposite , because when someone asks you what you want to be , you ca n't respond to 20 different things , even though they 're asking good people , even though they 're interested and say , `` Oh , how nice , but you ca n't be a craftsman from sweeping and psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Childs , and he 's a craftsman of violins and <unk> .
And this Amy Ng , magazine editor turned into <unk> , entrepreneur , teacher and creative director .
But most kids do n't hear about people like this .
All you hear is that they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of life is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of fate or the real calling , the idea that every one of us has something to do during your time on this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and to devote your life to it .
But if you 're somebody who 's not connected to this ?
What if there are many different topics that wake up your curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do ?
There is no place for someone like one in that framework .
And so you can feel just .
You can feel that it does n't have a goal .
And to feel that there 's something wrong with you .
There 's nothing wrong with you .
You 're a <unk> .
<unk> is somebody with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath like that to say .
It could help you divide in three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
You can also use other terms that we can do with the same idea , as a scholar , <unk> .
During the time of the Renaissance , the ideal was the one who was fine in multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
Do you like to like it or <unk> yourself .
It seems like a kind of adapt to a community , we ca n't agree with a single identity .
It 's easy to look at it as limitation or influence you should beat .
But what I 've learned by talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website , is that there are huge strengths in being in this way .
Here are three superpowers <unk> .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressed their shared interests in cartography , visualization , travel , mathematics and design , when I found <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry .
<unk> and Rachel came up with this idea only by its eclectic mix of skills and experiences .
Innovation is happening at intersections .
That 's where new ideas come from .
And <unk> , with all their background , can access a lot of these points at an intersection .
The second <unk> superpower is fast learning .
When we <unk> us for something , we 're going to do it .
We see everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to being beginners , and we 're used to have been many times in the past , and this means that we have less fear of testing new things and out of our comfort zones .
A lot of skills are <unk> to other disciplines , and we bring everything that we 've learned to every new area that we get to pursue , so we rarely start out of scratch .
<unk> <unk> is a <unk> and <unk> <unk> .
As a child , pianist had had an amazing capacity to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest <unk> .
Before becoming a writer , I was a writer , was a financial planner .
He had to learn the finest sales mechanics when they were starting their practices , and this ability helps to write compelling release for editors .
It 's rarely a waste of time to go to what you 're drawn to , even if they 're leaving .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field , in a way that you could n't have anticipated .
The third superpower <unk> is adaptability . That is the ability to transform into anything that 's needed in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes director of videos , other people , web pages , sometimes a Kickstarter , sometimes teacher , and sometimes apparently , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it does a good job .
He 's even more valuable because it can take different roles , depending on the needs of your customers .
The <unk> Company Magazine defines adaptability as the most important ability for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so quickly and <unk> that are the individuals and organizations that can enable us to meet the market needs , which we really thrive .
<unk> ideas , fast learning and adaptability : three skills where <unk> are very adept at , and three skills that could be lost if they 're stressed to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest to encourage them to be themselves .
We have complex problems , multidimensional right now , and we need no conventional creative thinkers to deal with them .
Let 's say they are , in your heart , specialists .
They came out of the belly knowing that they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong with you either .
In fact , some of the best teams make up a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive deep and put in practice ideas , and <unk> offers a amplitude of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we all should design lives and careers that we 're going to do with the way we 're connected .
And unfortunately , it 's largely encouraging them to be told to just be more like their <unk> customers .
And I once said this , if there is one thing you 're going to take from this talk , I hope it 's this : <unk> with the inner wiring , whatever it is .
If you 're a heart specialist , then you 're going to spread through all the media .
That 's where you will give the best .
But for the <unk> in the room , including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes , I 'm going to tell you , <unk> with their many passions .
Keep in curiosity for those <unk> <unk> .
Let 's look at intersections .
It brings our inner wiring into a more authentic and happy life .
And perhaps most importantly , <unk> , the world needs us !
Thank you .
In the year , fortunately , a woman called <unk> took her to a psychiatric psychiatric .
<unk> <unk> and I could n't remember the most basic details of their life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
<unk> , I did n't know how to help <unk> , but we 'd get rid of it until , unfortunately , passed away in 1906 .
After his death , <unk> did a autopsy , and found strange plates , and it 's turned into the <unk> brain , of a guy who had never seen before .
The most amazing thing .
If we had been alive today , we could n't give her more help than the fact that he 's given him 114 years ago .
<unk> was Dr. <unk> Alzheimer 's .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
Now , from 1901 , medicine has been very advanced .
We 've discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from the infections , a lot of treatments for cancer , antiretroviral drugs for HIV , <unk> for them and much more .
But it 's been made in the treatment of Alzheimer 's disease .
I 'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer 's for more than a decade .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimer 's now affects 40 million worldwide .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million , by the way , to include many of you .
If you expect to live to age 85 or more , the possibility of Alzheimer 's disease will be almost one of each two .
In other words , there is the probability of passing their years or helping care of a friend or loved with Alzheimer 's .
In America alone , Alzheimer 's disease costs 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is spending on Alzheimer 's disease .
It 's the most expensive disease , and its costs have been required by five times by 2050 , as the generation of the boomers .
It may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation .
But it 's been relatively little to fight it .
Today , one of the first death causes of everybody , Alzheimer 's disease is the only one that can not prevent , cure or even slow their development .
We understand less of the Alzheimer 's disease than other diseases because we 've spent less time and money in the research itself .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research that in spite of the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer 's and causes a similar annual number of deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause , the lack of consciousness .
Because this is what time people know , but everybody should : Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and we can cure it .
For most nine-year-olds , all of us , even scientists , <unk> Alzheimer 's disease .
We think that we 're going to be <unk> in a normal and inevitable part of aging .
But there 's only to look at a picture of a healthy brain compared to the patient 's patient to see the actual physical damage caused by this disease .
In addition to unleash a severe memory of memory and mental abilities , the damage to the brain caused significantly the life expectancy and is always mortal .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates and prey on the brain of <unk> a century ago .
For almost a century , we did n't know much about this .
Today we know that they 're made of protein molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that is folding as an origami .
There are places in the paper that are being sold .
And when it folds right up , these sticky dots end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some of them will stay outside .
This makes the protein molecules beating each other , forming groups that can form large plates and it 's like this .
That 's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer 's .
We 've spent the last 10 years at the University of Cambridge , trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There 's a lot of steps , and it 's identification , which step out of block is complex , like inactivate a bomb .
So , you know , a cable could do anything .
<unk> others can make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , in its most part , they 've been reduced the wires and expected the best .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , geneticist , chemicals , physicists , engineers and mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process . It 's now testing a new kind of drugs that blocking specifically this step to stop the disease .
I 'll show you some of our last results .
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet .
Let 's look at videos of what happened when we test these drugs in worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see they 're moving with normal .
These worms , on the other hand , have protein molecules that stick in each other , as in humans with Alzheimer 's .
And you can see that they 're clearly sick .
But by giving our new drugs for these worms at an early stage , then we see that heal and live a normal life .
This is just one positive result , but research as this shows that Alzheimer 's is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After 114 years of waiting , there is real hope for what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But to grow that hope , to defeat Alzheimer 's , we need help .
It 's not about scientists like me , it 's you .
We need to tell you that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and if we try , we can <unk> it .
In the case of other diseases , patients and their families have topped more research and pressure pressure on governments , pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and scientists .
That was essential to move forward into HIV treatment at the end of the 1980s .
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients often ca n't talk about themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers from their loved ones day and night , are often too keen to go out and advocate for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's not , in most cases of a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain running the risk .
Today , there are 40 million patients like <unk> , who can not create the change they need for themselves .
They 're talking for them , and help to demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the spinal <unk> column in January of this year .
In love with someone , it does this .
The article is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and from my own experience when I test it myself a summer night .
So the procedure is pretty simple : Two strangers will be used to get some more personal questions , and then both look at your eyes without talking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or a skill , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you slept before someone else ?
And just ?
As you move forward , these are increasingly personal .
Number 30 : -- I really like -- Tell your mate what you like about it or she -- I know very honest this time , and I gave things that you 've just met .
When I stumbled across this study a few years ago , a little detail really struck me , which two of the participants had been married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony .
So , I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but , of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the time to test this study , with someone who knew not particularly well , I did n't expect to fall .
Yet we fell in love with , and I thought it was a good story , so I send them to the column a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's already August , so I guess some of you probably are probably wondering : Do they still go together ?
And the reason I think you ask this is because you 've done this question over and over again in the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to that .
One week before the article was published , I was very nervous .
I 'd been working on a romantic book over the last few years , so I had been asking myself to write about my experience in romantic love on my blog .
But a blog entrance can come to a few hundred views like a lot , and those were usually just about my friends on Facebook and I imagined that my article in the New York Times would probably have a few thousand views .
And that came a good burden of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But as he gave , I had no idea .
The paper published on a Friday night , and on Saturday , this happened in the traffic of my blog .
And Sunday , I had already called the `` Today Show and Good <unk> America . ''
In a month , the article received over eight million hits , and I was , by saying something , little prepared for this kind of attention .
One thing is to foster trust writing with sincerity about your own experience , but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news , and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people called or write , what they did every day for weeks , always they did the same question : They still follow together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I made a quick search for the mailbox of my email with the phrase , `` Still follow together ? ''
And a number of messages came up immediately .
They were from students and journalists , and of strangers , treat like this .
I was interviewed on radio and asked .
And even , I gave a talk , and a woman screamed at the stage , `` Hey , do you tell where your boyfriend is ? ''
And I immediately got red .
I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international journal , you should expect people to be comfortable asking about it .
But I was n't ready for the returns of the answer .
So the 36 questions seemed to be <unk> itself .
In fact , the New York Times published a complementary article for Valentine 's Day , who included the experiences of readers when we test the study in them with different degrees of success .
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very supportive of my own relationship .
I said not to every request that we both did a public emergence together .
We would take on television interviews , and refused to orders from the photos of us two .
I think I was afraid to become the <unk> icons of the <unk> process , a range of that I did n't feel at all qualified .
And I understand that people did n't want to know if the study worked , they wanted to know whether it really worked : whether it was able to produce <unk> love , not just an adventure , but real love , <unk> love .
But this was a question that I did n't feel able to answer .
My relationship was just a few months , and I felt , especially , people made the wrong question .
How do we go together or not , and then you put it up ?
If the answer was no , would the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first on these questions in this same study in 1997 , and there , the researcher of the researcher was not to produce romantic love .
Instead , I was looking for interpersonal focus between college students , using what Aron called <unk> staff and progressive and mutual .
Sounds romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
The participants were more close to doing that . There are a number of a number of studies as well as they used the protocol <unk> protocol as a fast way to create trust and interaction between strangers .
They 've used it between police members and community members , and they 've used it between people of opposing political ideologies .
The original version of history , which I tried last summer , which is combining personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk at a little liberal arts university , and then a student came up to me and said to me and he said to me , `` I tried the studio and did n't work .
He seemed curious about it .
And I : Do you want to tell you that you 're going to get away from the person who you did ?
Well he paused .
I think she just wants us to be friends .
And I said , did they get better friends ?
Did you feel better known to get them better after testing the study ?
He nodded .
So , it worked . ''
I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think it 's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love .
I came across the studio for the first time when I was 29 and it was going through a really difficult separation .
I had been that relationship since I was mostly 20 , especially my adult life , and he was my first real love , and I had no idea how or if I could live without him .
So I got into science .
And I did everything I could find about the science of romantic love , and I expected that that that could sort of hold the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the time , I thought I just did this for the book that I was doing for the book , but in retrospect , it seems really obvious .
I thought that if I built it up with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel so bad , and I used to feel like that .
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another .
I 'm more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confidence to demand what I 'm looking for .
But I can also see see me more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than they can demand me .
What I 'm looking for is an assurance , not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow , but I 'm going to keep being loved for the person I love .
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together .
The story about the media told about 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in love .
There may be a way to mitigate some sense of the implicit risk , and this is a very appealing story , because in love with us feeling beautifully , but it 's also frightening .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of history .
The version of the story you ask : they still follow together ?
And their content with an answer of Yes or not .
So more than a question , would you submit to ask that let us make more difficult questions , questions like , how do you decide who deserves your love and who does n't ?
How are you going to stay in love when things get tough , and how can we cut and distance them ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship , or even more , how do you live in doubt of your partner ?
I do n't necessarily know the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good start to have a more reflective conversation on what it means to love someone .
So , if you want the brief version of my relationship , it 's this one -- a year ago , a well-known study and I applied a study designed to create romantic love , we love in love , we still follow together , and I 'm very happy .
But in love , it 's not the same as to stay in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my article , I wrote , `` Love did n't happen .
We fall in love in love because we took the choice to be .
And I shudder a little bit like reading now , not because it 's not true , but because at the time , I had n't considered everything that I was supposed to do .
And I did n't think how many times we would have to make that decision , and how much times it will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he will always choose or not .
I want it to be enough to have done and say 36 questions , having chosen to love someone as generous , kind and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in the United States .
But what I 've done , instead , is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I do n't really believe .
And what I 'm looking for , and what maybe I spend my life looking for is that that myth is true .
I want the happy happy implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the article I did n't actually write .
But what I have instead is the opportunity to love someone , and the hope that he will also love me , and it 's scary , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by a lesbian , and in a way , I came up with a <unk> of the forest .
And in New York City a time ago , something that really affected me , but more details later .
I 'll start when I was eight years old .
It took a wooden box , and you 'd run a dollar bill , a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought that some strange ending or a few aliens would find this box about 500 years later , and we 're going to figure out how our species are going to look like , for example , how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
Anyway , it 's funny because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still doing boxes .
At one point , I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from tour , and I like to surf and all of those weird things -- and I was making a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary and took it all the pages and made a kind of <unk> <unk> style with Agnes Martin , covered the resin and a bee stuck .
Well , my mother 's afraid of bees , and it 's <unk> them , so I added more resin on the canvas , thinking I could <unk> .
Instead , the opposite happened , in some ways it seemed to rise in size , as if it was out of the text with a magnifying glass .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started adding electronics , frogs , strange bottles that I was finding out on the street , all I could find out , because I was looking for things all my life , trying to relate it and tell stories about these objects .
So I started drawing around the objects , and I realized that God can draw in space .
I can flow <unk> , drawing the same way around a body in the crime scene .
And I took the objects , and I created my own taxonomy of specimens invented .
First , botanical than you can get an idea .
Then I made some insects and weird creatures .
It was very fun to draw in the resin .
And it was great , because I started building exhibitions and those things , and I was making some money , to take my girlfriend for dinner , for example , going to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point , I got interested in the human form , sculptures of resin with drawings of human beings within layers .
It was great , except for one thing : she died .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I was going to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started drawing on the glass layers , similar to the drawing in a window , and then in another window , and the other window , and I had all these windows together that are a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my work is a very big thing , which I call `` triptych . ''
For a triptych , I was inspired by `` The Garden of the delight , '' by Hieronymus Bosch , which is a painting in the <unk> of the <unk> in Spain .
You know ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a little bit ahead of their time .
Well , the triptych . It would take this piece .
It weighs 11,000 pounds .
5.5 feet long .
It has double face , so it 's 10 meters of composition .
It 's a little bit weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , it 's Jesus and the grasshoppers .
There 's a cave where all of these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds .
They go from the world of representation , this <unk> mesh mesh .
Here it is where creatures with heads of animals are headed by the beacon , ready to commit suicide in mass <unk> in the ocean .
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements .
This is a bird god tied to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; the Horizon -- the <unk> platform of the <unk> -- the shelter of Osama Bin Laden , there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean .
Anyway , a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and spit out oil in a hand while you get the other hand out clouds .
Their hands are like <unk> and it seems like a mythological being that holds the Earth and the cosmos in balance .
So it 's a aspect of the triptych .
It 's a little narrative .
That 's the hand in which it spits out .
And then , when you go to the other side , it has a nose , like a bird spike , and spits out clouds of this nose .
It also has a <unk> tail , a snake tail that binds the `` triptych . ''
Anyway , their tail is turning fire on a volcano .
I do n't know why that happened .
Things that go through , you know .
His tail ends up in a balloon eyeball made out of 1986 of 1986 .
Have you seen them ?
They did in the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards of terrorists .
It takes me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
This is a six year-old project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each one is an archive of our culture , through media and material to be encyclopedias or dictionaries or magazines .
But each one acts as a kind of archive in a form of human being , and travel in groups of 20 , four or 12 at the time .
They 're like cells , they divide , divide .
And you can walk between them . It 's taking me years .
Each one is basically a microscope <unk> that 's <unk> pounds with a human being trapped inside .
This has a little cave on his chest .
That 's the head ; it 's your chest , you can <unk> the entry .
I 'm going to go through the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall coming out of the chest , and he covers the penis or <unk> , or whatever it is , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick refresher of these works because I ca n't afford it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a body in the middle .
This has two heads , and it 's communicating between the two .
There are some pills coming out and come in the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest scene inside your chest cavity .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , just like the boxes we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called Advanced <unk> .
Within this box , there 's a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a musician , a writer , a writer , a museum , a museum , a school , an editorial arm that spreads all the content we do in the world ; and a garden .
It 's going to take the box and all of the people inside each other as the particles .
And I think that 's the way to change the world .
When you realize who it is and the box in which you 're living .
And together we get to realize that we 're all together in this , that this illusion that we 're different , these concepts of countries , of the borders , of religion , does n't work .
We 're all very made from the same stuff and in the same box .
And if we do n't start to exchange those things with sweetness , and we 're all going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do you do when you hurt your head ?
They take an aspirin .
But so that this pill has effect against pain , first by the stomach , the intestines and other organs .
I 'll take a pill , it 's the most effective and <unk> system for any drug <unk> .
The downside , however , is that the downside gets diluted out .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV .
When you take antiretroviral drugs , they serve them to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood , and you will increase the stem cells .
But they 're also known for their adverse side effects , mostly negative , because in time that it takes them to get to your blood current , they 're going to be preserved , and worse even for the time that it takes them to get to their destination , which is where it 's more important to HIV .
These are regions of the body like metastatic lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is dead and it does n't easily come into the bloodstream of patients that are tested to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs .
However , after treatment disruption , viruses can wake up and infect cells .
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with current drugs that is a treatment for life that is <unk> .
One day , I sat down and I thought , `` Could we make the treatment directly into the warehouse of the virus , without the risk of dilution of drugs ? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers , the answer was in front of me : the lasers , of course .
If you use dentistry , for the care of wounds and diabetes with diabetes , they can be used for anything imaginable , including transportation of drugs .
In fact , we 're already using laser pulses , and we 're now using extremely small holes , and they open up and closed almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce the medicines .
You ask , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a small , powerful laser beam over the cellular membrane , while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser goes through the cell , whereas the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds .
Before even realizing the hole is immediately <unk> .
We 're testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates , but the goal is to bring this technology to the human body , apply it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is , through a device of three heads .
With the first head , it 's our laser , we 'll make an incision in the site of infection .
The second head , which is a camera , goes to the site of infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that distributes the drug , releases it directly on the site of infection , whereas the laser is used again to keep the cells open .
Well , this is not a lot of time .
But one day , if it 's successful , this technology can lead to the eradication of HIV in the body .
Yeah . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of every researcher of HIV , in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've studied non-state groups : arms organizations like terrorists , insurgents or militia .
You know what these groups do when they 're not shooting .
My goal is to better understand these agents of violence generators and study ways to encourage the transition from violent participation to nonviolent confrontation .
I do field work , I do field of the politics and the library .
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost all conflict in course , because war has changed .
It used to be a dispute between states .
No .
Now it 's a conflict between states and non-governmental actors .
For example , from the <unk> settlements agreements between 1975 , and 2011 , <unk> signed between a state and a non-governmental actor .
That 's why we have to understand these groups ; we have even to engage them or engage in any process of successful conflict resolution .
But how do we do that ?
We have to know what motivates these organizations .
We know very well the reasons why they struggle , how they do it , but nobody looks at what they do when they 're not fighting .
The armed struggle and policies are not correlated .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We can not understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global view .
The armed groups of today are complex organizations .
For example , Lebanese <unk> , known for their violent certificate against Israel .
From its creation in the 1980s , <unk> has also established a political party , a network of social services and a military services .
Similarly , the Hamas Hamas , known for their suicide attacks against Israel , also runs the Gaza Strip since 2007 .
So these groups make these groups more than just shoot .
They 're multitasking .
<unk> a complex machine of communication : radio stations , television stations , web websites and web networks .
And here they have ISIS , printed in English and published to recruit .
<unk> groups are also investing in complex fundraising , but through cost-effective business , for example , construction companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their funds , to recruit better and build their brand .
Those armed groups also do something more : they create stronger ties with their population to invest in social services .
They build schools , they run hospitals , they put a professional training programs or microfinance .
<unk> offers all these services and more .
<unk> groups also try to conquer the population offering something that the state does n't give , safety and protection .
The rise of the Taliban in Afghanistan torn by the war , or even the beginning of the rise of ISIS , can also understand the efforts of these groups to deliver security .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has an elevated price increase for the population .
But in general , providing social services means filling a vacuum , a <unk> gap by the government , and it allows these groups to strengthen and increase its power .
For example , the electoral victory of 2006 in Palestinian Hamas can not be understood without recognizing the social labor of the group .
It 's a really complex scenario , even in the West , when we look at armed groups , we just think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , strategy or vision vision .
These groups are hybrids .
They are grown because they get the gaps left by government , and they emerge as armed and political groups , participate in violent struggle and they give governance .
And the more complex and more sophisticated organizations are these organizations , we can not make it even as opposed to a state .
How do you call a group like <unk> ?
It would be part of a territory , running all their functions , collect the trash , run the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe it 's something else , something new and different .
And what is ISIS ?
The lines are <unk> .
We live in a world of states , of nations without state and hybrids , and the weaker are states , like the Middle East , the more intervene and they fill that gap the non-governmental actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups , you will have to invest more in no military tools .
It 's <unk> that vacuum of government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important to establish and make peace .
If we better understand the armed groups , we 'll understand better what incentives offer to encourage the transition from violence to nonviolence .
In this new feud between states and non-state actors , military power can win some battles , but not giving us peace or stability .
To get these goals , we need long-term investments to fill that safety of security , to fill that vacuum of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality are <unk> , but I 'm afraid to accept openly the feminist label that would be unfair for feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And therefore , I became a bad feminist .
Or , at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The Bad feminist '' and then on interviews , people started to call me the <unk> <unk> .
So what started as a personal joke meant to myself and a deliberate provocation , has become something bigger .
Let me take a step back .
When I was young , especially in my youth and at the age of 20 , I had strange ideas about feminist , these <unk> women , anger with men and hated sex , as if that was bad .
Today , I see how women are treated all over the world and anger , in particular , it seems a perfectly reasonable answer .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that I was using the people at the Media Lab who could be a feminist .
It 's going to be labeled feminist was an accusation , a taboo and beautiful word .
I became a woman who does n't follow the rules , who calls too much , with high self-esteem , and dare to believe that it 's equal or higher to a man .
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman , until it realizes that it 's actually that woman and ca n't imagine being another person .
Eventually , as I was growing up , I started accepting that I am , actually , feminist , and also , proud to be .
To me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
They 're taking the same paycheck through the same work .
We have a right to travel around the world like <unk> , free of harassment or violence .
We have a right to use easy and accessible and reproductive services .
We have the right to decide on our bodies , without needing legislative controls or doctrines .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about the needs of women , you have to have our other identities .
We 're not only women .
We 're people with a different body , expression of gender and religion and sexuality , social condition , skills and much more .
We need to figure out these differences , and how they affect the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are evident , but to be clear , I 'm a disaster .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I drive to work , I hear rap music to all volume .
Although the letter degrades the women and it offends me deeply , the classic `` Salt <unk> '' of the Yin Yang <unk> is amazing .
`` Do it with your wet t-shirt .
<unk> , give it to you until the shell hurts ! ''
Think about it .
You 're making poetry , right ?
I 'm completely mortified for my musical taste .
I firmly believe in the work of man , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all the domestic tasks , but also killing insects , the garbage collection , the <unk> and the maintenance of <unk> .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The rose is my favorite color .
I come from fashion magazines and beautiful things .
I can see `` The <unk> '' and the romantic comedy , and I have some absurd fantasies about the fairy fairy tales that they actually make .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt the name of his husband , it 's his choice , and I 'm not who to judge .
If a woman decides to stay home to raise your kids , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice , the problem is that our society is <unk> in a way that makes women become economically vulnerable when they choose .
We fix this problem .
We were looking at the conventional feminism who has ignored or <unk> , the needs of color women , the workers , gay and transgendered women , favor of white , middle class .
Listen , if that 's good feminism , I 'm a very bad feminist .
The next thing is : As a feminist , I feel a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put highlighted on a pedestal .
We hope that we 're looking at perfection .
When we were <unk> , we retired them with a lot of taste from the same pedestal where we put it .
As I said , I 'm a disaster ; I think that pedestal before you try to wear there .
Too many women , particularly the innovative and leaders of the sector , are afraid of being tagged as feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm a feminist , '' by fear of what that tag is , in fear of not being able to fulfill the little realistic expectations .
Take an example of <unk> , or as I call it , the Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a <unk> .
In Iran <unk> 2014 , on MTV , it acted in front of the `` feminist '' `` feminist . ''
It was a wonderful show , watching this pop star embracing openly and make women , and young men who be feminist is something to be proud of .
<unk> the time , cultural critics started endless arguments if it was or not exactly feminist .
He was making feminism , instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman .
<unk> perfection from feminist , because we 're still struggling for a lot , we want a lot , we need a lot , we need a lot of fun .
We 're going to be much beyond the sensible and constructive criticism , so I feel the feminism of any woman , tear up until nothing left there .
We do n't need to do that .
Bad feminism , or rather , a more inclusive feminism is the starting point .
But what happens next ?
We went from recognizing our flaws to accountability , going to action and be a little bit more brave .
If I hear music , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply .
These artists would n't change their way to talk about women in their songs until they allow change to actually affecting their profits .
It 's certainly hard .
Why does it have their music that will be so risky ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice .
But when bad decisions do that make it more difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality we all deserve and is our responsibility .
I think of my nieces , three and four years old .
It 's two wonderful and brilliant girls , and also very brave . I want you to grow up in a world .
where you 're really interested in strong creatures that are .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best option is within a much easier thing to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television show is about sexual violence against women , like sport , <unk> the Game of <unk> .
We can change the recipe for us when we hear songs that treat women like nothing .
We can spend our money to go to film in another part when movies not treat women more than decorative objects .
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their teammates as boxing .
In any case , men , especially white men , ask you , `` No , I 'm not going to publish your magazine , participate in your project , or work with you , until it does n't include a number of women , so much to participate as to make decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until your publication , or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> , but they invited to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also believe that more as we are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision pool .
Because we 're not <unk> <unk> , without these efforts , without taking these positions , our accomplishments will mean very little .
We can make these small acts of courage and hope that our decisions will come to the top , the people in the power of directors and film and music and CEOs , CEOs , the legislators who can make great decisions , more brave , to create lasting and meaningful change .
We can also affirm our feminism , well , bad , or whatever .
The last line of my book `` Bad <unk> '' -- he says , `` I 'm thinking I 'll be a bad feminist to not be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons , but I say it , especially because my voice was stolen and feminism helped me .
There was an incident .
I call it an incident to address what happened .
A bunch of kids came to me when I was very young , and I did n't know that kids can do this to a girl .
They treated me as if it was nothing .
I started to believe that it was nothing .
I put my voice up , and after all I did n't dare believe it might say something that might matter .
But I was writing .
And I came back to <unk> .
I 'd become a stronger version of myself .
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine , and the women who looked like me and they understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
I read the words of the women who showed me that it was nothing .
I learned how to write like them , and then I learned to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through writing and feminism , I also discovered that if I was a little bit brave , another woman could listen to me and see me , and realizing that none of us that the world is trying to tell us that we are .
In one hand , I have the power to achieve anything .
And in the other , I claim the humiliating reality that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way to think , what I say and what I do , without abandoning everything that makes me human .
I hope we all can do the same thing .
I hope that we can all be a little brave , when you need such courage .
Right after Christmas last year , <unk> kids in California had measles have been visiting Disneyland or being exposed to someone who had been there .
The virus then went through the border with Canada , infecting 100 children in <unk> .
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that measles that may be fatal to a child with a <unk> immune system , is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world .
There is an effective vaccine against this for over half a century , but many of the children involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse : autism .
But a moment , was n't the article that broke the argument about autism and <unk> vaccines , disqualified and tagging by being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Medical Journal ?
Do n't believe most of the intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity ?
I think most of you know , but millions of parents around the world are still to argue that vaccines put them in danger to their children of having autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the increase in autism growth over time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
The few psychologists and pediatricians who had heard of it believed to develop all of his professional life without seeing one case .
For decades , the prevalence continued stable stable only three or four children per 10,000 .
But then in the 1990s , the numbers started to <unk> .
NGOs of fundraising as <unk> <unk> are routinely refer to autism as an epidemic , as if I could catch another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people from the Center for the Disease Control , what 's going on , they tend to be based on phrases like `` introverted diagnostic criteria '' and `` The best case detection '' to explain these growing numbers .
But that kind of language is not a lot of the fears of a young mother who 's looking for his son 's face of two years , visual contact .
If the diagnostic criteria had a scale , why were they so close at the beginning ?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to figure out the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened is less than the slow progress and the careful progress of the science that the seductive power of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , the doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered , but that story turned out to be false , and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global health .
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go .
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist , Leo <unk> , from Johns Hopkins Hospital , in 1943 , <unk> published an article that describes 11 young patients who looked at private worlds , providing people of their own , even their own parents .
They could have fun for hours by shaking their hands in front of their faces , but they were guilty of the panic for <unk> as when you ca n't put your favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them .
On the basis of the patients treated in their clinic , <unk> <unk> that autism is very rare .
For the 1950s , as a major authority of the world in the subject , declared that I 'd seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome as you pick up references from places that are as far as South Africa .
This is actually not surprising , because the criteria of <unk> for autism was very <unk> .
For example , let 's give that diagnosis to children with convulsions , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once he had become nine out of every 10 children sent out by other doctors to her office for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was a smart man , but part of his theories were not <unk> .
They played autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold , cold parents .
These kids , he said , they 've stayed very carefully in a refrigerator that did n't exist .
At the same time , though , <unk> noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that cluster in certain areas like music , mathematics and memory .
One of the children in their clinic could distinguish 18 symphonies before they turned two .
When his mother put one of his favorite records , he correctly said , `` Beethoven . ''
But I had a bad view of these skills , saying things like the kids were just following what they had heard of their parents ' parents , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of shame for families , and two autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good , becoming invisible to the world in general .
Amazingly , it was n't until the 1970s that researchers started testing the <unk> theory that autism was rare .
<unk> <unk> , a cognitive psychologist in London , thought that the theory of mothers of <unk> was quite stupid .
She and her husband were warm and <unk> people , and they had a deep autistic daughter called hey .
<unk> and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl , like black-eyed Susie , without special education , and without access to other resources without a diagnosis .
To defend for the National Health Service that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families , <unk> and his colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should have done 30 years before .
They launched a prevalence of autism prevalence in the general population .
It was a suburb from London called <unk> to try and find the autistic children in the community .
What you saw , of course , that the <unk> model was too limited , because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some kids could n't speak at all , whereas others were <unk> in their fascination for astrophysics , dinosaurs or genealogy of <unk> .
Otherwise , these kids did n't fit in beautiful paintings and <unk> , as he said , Judith , and they saw a lot of them , much more than the monolithic modernist model would have predicted .
At first , they were lost by trying to make sense of their data .
How did n't anyone realize these kids before ?
But then I found a reference to a paper published in German in 1944 , the next year to the <unk> article , and then he forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
<unk> knew about this article about the competition , but I avoided <unk> in his own work .
There was n't even a translation in English , but luckily , the husband 's husband spoke German , and he translated it to her .
The document offers an alternative story of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger 's , who was running an integrated clinic with a school boarding in Vienna in the 1930s .
The ideas of Asperger 's for children with learning differences were <unk> even for contemporary standards .
The morning in his clinic started with music exercises with music , and children kept their games on Sunday afternoon .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , Asperger 's described as disabilities as <unk> and <unk> forms of support and tuned spaces throughout the course of life .
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients , Asperger 's called their little teachers , and they got to help in the development of education methods that were especially suited for them .
Basically , Asperger 's saw autism as a diverse continuum that included an amazing variety of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common , and they 've always been , looking at aspects of this continuum of archetypes known in pop culture like the awkward social scientist and the awkward professor .
He was more there until I say , for success in science and art , a little bit of autism is essential .
Judith and Judith found that <unk> was wrong when autism was <unk> , as well as the parents were <unk> .
Over the next few years , they worked in silence with the American Association to expand the criteria of diagnostic to expand the criteria of what they called the autistic spectrum .
In the late '80s and early '90s , their changes came in in place , by leveraging the limited model of <unk> by a broad , inclusive model of Asperger 's .
These changes did n't fall in broken off .
And he 's getting married , when we <unk> and Judith worked at the time to reform these criteria , people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before it came out , `` Rain Man , '' in 1988 , just a little circle , <unk> by experts knew what the autism was , but after the `` Rain performance acting '' with four awards from the Academy awards , with four awards from the Academy , pediatricians , psychologists , teachers and parents around the world knew what the autism was .
At the same time , they introduced the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism .
I should n't have a connection with that little circle of experts to make a diagnosis for his son .
The combination of `` Rain Man , '' the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these testing created a network effect , a perfect storm of consciousness in autism .
The number of diagnostics began to rise , just like predicted <unk> and Judith , in fact they hoped that this was , making people with autism and their families finally get their support and services that are deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blaming vaccines for the increase in diagnostics , which is simple , powerful , and seductive history , as bad as the <unk> theory was <unk> .
If the current estimate of the prevention center is that one of 68 children in the United States are right , it 's right , the autistic is one of the largest minority groups in the world .
In the last few years , autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles to solve by new medical advances , <unk> the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate the varieties of human cognition .
One way to understand <unk> is to think in terms of human operating systems .
The fact that a PC does n't work with Windows , it does n't mean it 's broken .
According to the autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , social obsessionally , and it suffers from a <unk> deficit in detail .
Certainly , autistic people have difficulty living in a world that 's not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still reaching Asperger 's , which believed that the cure for the most independent aspects of autism are found in understanding the teachers , employers with ability , support communities , and parents with faith in their children 's potential .
A autistic woman called <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on deck to <unk> the human boat . ''
So as we browse into an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society .
We can not afford to waste a brain .
Thank you .
